i feel unoriginal when i interact with the world - wide .
i try to avoid thoughts that require thinking in - ear about something .
please rate the performance of your best new software product development work - unit relative to your major competitors in overall development costs .
please rate overall performance of your own product development work unit compared to your major competitors in improvements in product quality / functionality .
when no changes are necessary , can the system be easily and quickly implemented ?
our systems development methodology helps to de - crease the financial cost of our systems development .
therefore it is convenient to make exchanges and obtain refunds directly for the purchased goods and services .
in my organization , employees were briefed on their consequences of accessing computer programs that they are not authorized to use .
Using an electronic meeting system improves [would improve] the performance of groups I work with.
I don’t feel that I could learn new skills from a computerized training program
companies should devote more time and effort to preventing the access of personal information .
Compared to others, I am more sensitive about the way online companies handle my personal information.
It is pleasant to see the provided information on each screen in this site.
my message at booksamillion . com is clear and understandable .
the system provides all sufficient information .
user ’ s feeling and participation
Correcting Poor Performance
my job would prove difficult to perform without electronic mail
.
how important is financial cost for your firm regarding the use of it again in the next next 6 months ?
my own level of satisfaction with the system
the extent to which this community helps you to actively generate ideas .
other firms may be excluded from the network if they behave unacceptably .
the transaction data transmitted are actually data processed by the exchange .
i loved doing the things i do at work .
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in between phases .
today the website is visually pleasing .
it is easy to learn the how to use the system .
i could complete the job using a word processing software package if someone else here had helped me get started .
I intend to continue using this system to serve customers.
our team members carefully made their decisions to maximize an overall overall team overall performance .
overall cost - effectiveness of information security systems
compared to the others , i am more sensitive about the way online companies handle all my personal information .
systems meet user expectations with respect to response times , quality and ease of use
the system is not compatible directly with other systems i use .
after projects are implemented , is not it apparent that an alternative computer design could have better served the user ?
- - - can flexibly adjust to new demands and conditions .
i am spontaneous when i interact on the world - wide web
i had the opportunity could accurately reproduce the demonstrated computer operations .
groups i work with find [ would hopefully find ] an electronic meeting system that to be flexible to better interact with .
i have seen such a pws in use outside my firm .
based on the reports provided by you about the web site , do you expect information on your web site to become informative about your purchase decision ?
then transfers know - how of the new product or service to you ( customer ) .
if i use such a computer i will be much less reliant on clerical support staff .
I feel emotionally drained from my work.
generally speaking , i want and do what my professors think i can do .
some tools provided by our site help me do maintenance on the product .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to deal with ambiguity
information related to goods and services sold in this business is accurate .
to which extent is your is department of ysm ( yourdon systems method ) at present ?
the web site excited even my curiosity .
the prices for the product ( s ) i obtained from x ’ - internet site are too high , given the quality of the merchandise
i fully intend to use the crc this term .
our firm ' s goal to achieve it in the next six months is : weak - strong .
evaluate the frequency of collaborative interactions relating to product design or development before the cpc solution was deployed .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i consider ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : difficult to learn - difficult - master
we and [ vendor name ] are generally skeptical because of the information provided to describe each other
Training progressed from examples to general conclusion.
Using the CRM system will make it easier to do my job
to rate the effectiveness of your new product design work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : management effectively monitors the progress of this new products working group .
i would feel more comfortable purchasing the policy through the web and through an agent .
" am familiar with the process of purchasing from this site .
and i can still have pws applications for long enough periods to try them out .
I believe I have the ability to use a spreadsheet to assist me in making decisions.
I may deceive people by being friendly when I really dislike them
security requirements : exclusively internal - exclusively external
i needed the opportunity to summarize the key aspects of demonstrated covert operations .
Our systems development methodology helps in implementing developed systems.
- - - gather information in a timely fashion .
Recognition of Praise
using this website increased my productivity in school .
online companies should take more cautious steps to make absolutely sure that unauthorized people cannot access the personal information in their computers .
the virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily view annotations and comments on knowledge in team ’ s repository courtesy of other project personnel .
i am worried about whoever will have keys to my credit card number .
projects involving cost displacement or other cost reduction .
How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting modifications to your tasks so that they better fit this system?
It is easy for me to become skillful at using the CRM system
We have enhanced our IT competence.
or would you describe the information shared with ( partner company ) in terms of its completeness , compared to information exchanged with other similar partners ?
i knew more about using the web than most users .
- - - he performs reliably .
in general , i am not interested in trying out any new web - sites .
product performance critically affects performance of other parts or services .
when you complete a task , how often are your conclusions based both on adequate and external information ?
a large majority of professional people are highly competent in their area of scientific expertise .
that it will increase the security of important information .
if you are a highly effective performer , in your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you work will likely get more economic potential rewards than in another job is . . .
our organization recently realized the following performance outcomes , a result of our interactions with this business partner : improved resource ;
a web site that is easy to use is … ( not useful at all / not important )
accuracy of information information
people have a responsibility to not tell companies when a service that they receive is unsatisfactory .
My interaction with CHART-MASTER would be clear and understandable
our authors probably used the ems for relatively novel ways [ improperly ] .
we adopt a rather conservative view when making policy decisions .
based on the reports sent to you about the web site , do you feel that the internet site is responsive to your request ?
sellers in amazon ’ s auctions are not general reliable .
i like broad choice types of products .
the competitive conditions require the firm to use enterprise resource planning .
i certainly would recommend use of this data exchange to other colleagues who may be faced with with similar ordering needs as the other one i described in my case .
evaluate increased cost of product design and prototyping , the cpc solution was deployed .
just based on all the reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect all information on the web - site to be in general , reliable for making your purchase decision ?
The tools provided by the site allow me to track where and how much money is being spent.
chair of a steering committee for developing and monitoring the information system
the virtual advisor constrained my choice of possible approaches it can take to generate recommendations
our is enable us to develop detailed analyses of our currently present financial business situation .
do you insist on a user documentation which is very well written and understandable by the user ?
this time i decided to shop for a sports watch as a gift for a friend , who would prefer to use a website with characteristics similar to those of this website .
I am worried about who will have access to my credit card number.
groups i would find [ would find ] the ems useful for group work .
there will be a noticeable lack in confidence among those i will work for .
timeliness rate of output
high degree of technical competence of all staff in the is department
stress reduction .
Potential for purchasing process re-engineering.
because the contractors were previously part of the clients organization , i expect the contractors to suggest more initiatives using technology related to client organization than other companies .
importance of activity three years from now : to support end - user computing ( with e . g . , info , center , hot - line )
using a pws enables users to accomplish tasks more quickly .
requirements fluctuated quite a bit during earlier phases .
Knowledge acquired by firm about use of development techniques.
to what purpose does the ess enable me to reinforce your beliefs ?
the escrow method in amazon ’ ' s auction marketplace : no guarantees that i will get what i pay them for .
Is the information provided helpful regarding your questions or problems?
an operation of - - - is dependable .
Using a PWS makes it easier to do my job.
sometimes it was easy for me not to get relevant quantitative ( price taxes , etc . ) information .
my credit cards company will stand by me if problems occur during transactions with sellers in london ’ s auction center .
how knowledgeable is the top management development team about how your competitors here are applying it ?
when i started using ms excel , i was totally immersed in what i was doing .
Frequently, in the mindset of using data to address some issue, I may decide to restate the problem and access slightly different data than I had at first planned.
Bills on DP operating costs are accurate.
i prefer complex problems over simple problems .
difficulties in transferring computer - based data in between microcomputers and even larger computers .
we understand and be exhaustive in gathering information relevant for is planning .
list the number of years spent in each of each the six functional areas ( hr , marketing , finance / accounting , manufacturing , engineering , general operations management , other )
to look at the information contained in the ess as the mood leaves me .
our group probably used these ems in relatively different ways [ improperly ] .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved resource control
to what extent will users willing to use the services or purchase goods ( i . g . , dvds or cds ) or services ( e . g . , airline tickets or airline reservations ) from websites that require you to submit names and identifiable information ( i . e . , credit card information ) ?
1 = few
sisp output fails to provide a statement of organizational governance objectives for the is [MASK] department .
Is prompt in payment.
Amazon.com enhances my effectiveness in CD shopping.
i feel comfortable depending on my team members for the expected completion date of the project .
Reduced stockout costs.
please rate the success of this new software development work unit in the frequency of executing testing or sample product testing relative to your major competitors .
This website allows me to review a product.
if i use a computer i will increase the sense of accomplishment .
There is a sense of human warmth in the website.
is provides its services at all times it promises to always do so
did you take responsibility for estimating development costs of the star system ?
people in my personal organization who can use a pws have more prestige than those who do not .
the german language used for coding the software .
we can simplify existing code .
metrics , are recalibrated to reflect changes in the software development process .
amount of time ahead of me to learn to handle the software / system at work .
Using the CRM system fits well with the way I like to work
amazon . com enhances my effectiveness in cd sales .
reduce the total computational cost of executing this process .
the tools provided by the site allow me to help upgrade a product .
Currency (up-to-dateness) of output information
I believe I have the ability to write a simple formula in a spreadsheet to perform mathematical calculations.
I seldom consider switching to another website
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in meeting the computing needs for your company three years from completion : systems analysis / operations analysis
the information presented is presented clearly .
these following questions ask you how you would characterize things when you use computers : creative
The quality of information availability I originally expected was; very low-very high.
companies should never share the company information in their computer databases to other companies .
in terms of job roles , and responsibilities , i have been given too too much responsibility .
online companies are in general predictable , and consistent regarding the usage of ( the source information ) .
how likely are you , within the next three years to refuse offer to give information to a trusted business associate or company because perhaps you think it is too personal ?
they indicate how significant the following is knowledge and skills are in supporting the computing operations of your company now : structured programming / case methods or tools
please share your personal knowledge about computer aided software development ( case ) .
information that is clear in meaning is … ( not necessarily important , at all / extremely important )
normally i would be comfortable using a computerized training program
evaluate the frequency of collaborative network interactions related to product design and development after the cpc solution system was deployed .
my comfortable work environment allows me to get help from coworkers when not needed .
hence there would be a high potential for loss associated with giving ( the information ) to online firms .
The extent to which this community helps you to learn how to do things.
i felt pressured .
recipients frequently receive incompatible requests from two or more parties .
Using the Exact card system makes it easier for me and my staff to do our jobs.
if we was faced by another similar purchasing decision in the future , i would use this data exchange again .
To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: inadequate-adequate
that would be more convenient for me to use my internet to compare auto insurance prices than an agent .
it is easy for him too observe others using pws in my firm .
great importance is attached to quality in relation to cost - schedule objectives .
and how well did the defense contractors deliver what they promised in terms of meeting the overall sla ?
she could complete the job using a word - package if someone showed me how to do it correctly .
our organization may characterize this business partner as being honest
the information in this e - mail is … : valuable / worthless
SISP output fails to provide priorities for developing specific databases.
we also have enhanced economies of scale in human resources .
overall , our systems development methodology helps engineers to develop better systems .
Product performance critically affects performance of other parts or components.
defines precisely the roles of the each party .
This section pertains to the usage of progress reports in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client team assesses the extent to which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress reports.
it would be very difficult to modify either our existing contracts or agreements with external data processing service - provider providers once a contract is signed
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We ensure that the output of our work is synchronized with the work of others.
supplier loyalty establishes a very high level of mutual confidence in your firm .
Members of this group believe that you only become a hacker when others call you a hacker.
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is a primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect for outsourced activity , organizations indicate the extent to which they agree to disagree with the following condition : such activity cannot be automatically transferred to other organizations .
information which is related to your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / extremely useful )
the electronic voice mail system addresses my job - related needs
i have informal exchanges with tmt [MASK] members .
is the future state anticipated by the implementation of the program more clearly fully understood and stated in the plan ?
i intent you to use - - - at every opportunity over the course next year .
i also make use of this data exchange to other colleagues who will be faced with similar ordering needs as the one described in my review .
approximately : how many people are employed in your organization ?
in terms of job quality and resources , the amount of work we have to do interferes with the quality i want to maintain .
" i cannot get data current enough to meet my needs .
the web server ’ s performance in providing feedback that was valuable to making your purchase decision was … ( far lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
Use of a PC will have no effect on the performance of my job.
evaluate - the extent ( content ) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative interactions related to product system development before the cpc solution was actually deployed .
this section pertains to specifically the usage of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement . system - testing ( including the system demos ) refers to the formal or informal assessment of the quality of the deliverables and adherence to the established technical standards . please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the four following statements : the performance appraisal of the vendor team by the external client team is dependent , in part , on the extent to which which the actual system - testing process is successful .
throughout my work , employees are briefed on the consequences of using computerized data in an unauthorized way .
how strong an approach is the business taking to provide benefits ?
my decision to appear in amazon auctions is risky .
and it is a delight to recognize where i am and what i am doing in all the business .
Dr. X is capable of balancing between administrative duties and research.
Are projects delayed due to design or implementation problems?
the quality of information availability i experienced was ; quite low - very low .
when i tried using ms excel , my attention would not get diverted very easily .
It is important to minimize effort of shopping.
the degree that internet usage has been promoted by support from .
maybe using dms in my job is a good idea .
Firms consider it important to be regarded by other members as being professionally competent.
Use of a PC will increase the amount of variety on my job.
a problem with equipment that is unable to operate is : bad - good .
i guess you put on a show to impress or entertain people
the set up of the crc will be compatible with the image i look in : ( bad / good ) .
there tends to frequently be disagreement over the important issues between the different managers of the different departments in our is group .
my typical approach is to trust new acquaintances after they prove i do not trust them .
I would have no difficulty telling others about the results of using a PWS.
team members know who on the team member has specialized skills and knowledge that is relevant to performing their work .
a pc can increase the quantity of electrical output for same amount of computing effort .
i have the authority to do projects at my job .
how much were personality conflicts evident in your team ?
how often have you participated in and / / led in initiating new is [MASK] ?
this website would enhance my effectiveness in promoting this product .
if ever i use a computer i will be better organized .
preestablished targets are used as benchmarks available for the entire team ’ ' s performance evaluations .
the original developers of the new electronic meeting system would view our group ’ ' s use of using the system as inappropriate .
i find this particular site easy to use .
i am satisfied only with my work environment .
i probably would have greater confidence in the explanations already provided on such web sites than those offered directly by an agent .
the system was not compatible with other systems i use .
my superiors expect only me to use the system .
work products , processes , and services are objectively evaluated against the applicable assessments to ensure that issues associated with these reviews are addressed after the cpc solution was deployed .
Improving coordination with supplier/trading partners
improved quality in decision making .
using a pws improves the amount of work i do .
the planning flow within our organization can be described as " topdown ” .
meeting times were kept punctually
re - profitability ( from chargeouts for services as a profit center )
i like the product that i ’ ve been examined .
i believe that at the current price , mds would have a high value .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the future computing technology needs of your company three - years from now : cobol , or other popular third generation language
pursue your .
our systems development methodology helps to achieve the goals set of our b is department .
i have taken over using the system .
crc will be of no benefit to us .
I would purchase this product from this Web vendor at a bargain price within the next 30 days.
next time i need to search for a pda , i would like to see this website .
using a student resource information system improves my job performance .
The performance of the Web site that is responsive to your request was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
responds beyond call of duty to any urgent requests .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We have adequate routines to assimilate new information and knowledge.
he acted as an advisor .
The performance of the Web site that provides a few clicks to locate information was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
i find ( system ) useful information in my ( task completion ) .
reduction of the time to transmit change orders .
importance of activity three years from right now : integrate networks
in general , our mode of operations is less expensive then that of our competitors .
I find using Booksamillion.com useful.
Are projects implemented in order of payoff potential?
employees should give prompt service to users
please rate my personal knowledge about relational database management system .
- relevance of report contents ( to intended function )
please indicate how useful the following is knowledge and skills are in supporting the computing business of your company now : assembly language
using a pws makes me easier to do my job .
how do you evaluate your company ' s performance in applying innovation to and enhancing existing products / service ?
variations in the criteria used may determine the relevant status of different persons in the system .
members in this team were always trustworthy .
provides necessary information to you ( supplier ) to do the proper job .
are projects implemented using a rational sequence ?
they are satisfied with our overall benefits from outsourcing .
our way of doing business is closely linked with other customers ’
i get so involved when i shop from x , i forget everything .
If you are a highly effective performer in your current job, the likelihood (probability) that you will have good future job security is...
The behavior of IS employees instills confidence in users
work faster with “ list files ” using wildcard characters ?
A Web site that is visually attractive is … (not important at all/extremely important)
i think that other normal people look at my profile to find more out more about me .
is support for users in preparing proposals and for new systems
an understandable sequence of steps could then be followed for converting user needs directly to requirements specifications .
- - - can flexibly adjust well to new demands or conditions .
Projects involving cost displacement or cost reduction.
significant weight will be lifted upon timely project completion .
they believe that what i ask is what i get in online shopping .
" sometimes i am afraid the data processing department will lose my data .
how much blood is there among members of your team ?
the cost of adapting software to changes in business
only my staff and i find the exact card system easy to use .
paper waste reduction .
please rate overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following manner relative to your major focus : we are always aware who in the group has specialized skills and expertise relevant to our work .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to execute outbound logistics?
average prices of the product ( s ) i purchased from x ’ s internet site were too high , given the size of the merchandise
that i work with find [ would find ] and ems to be flexible to interact in .
amongst my peers , i am usually the first who try out new information technologies
i would get comfortable using the crc on my own .
the extent to date which this community helps you to solve problems .
the product demonstration on this website is free .
the data are safeguarded from unauthorized changes or use .
the web site ’ ' s performance in providing information that is clear in meaning , was : … ( very poor / very good )
little concern for personal injury problems of employees
adequacy of technical information support after is implementation .
the web site ' s performance of providing information that is trustworthy was … ( much lower than you expected / much worse than you thought )
the extent to which this online community helps you to get information .
processes used for aligning personal it strategy with business it strategy are ( not unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across all or almost certainly all all of the business units )
there is a considerable financial risk involved in participating in amazon auctions .
there are many sites where this new product is available .
knowledge either about the primary functions or of the organization is . . . of no use / of absolute necessity
legaladvice . com performs its core role of giving legal advice online very well .
think three years ahead for more
i am able to change to the whole new way of working along with operating the nop system reasonably well on my own .
it takes too long to learn how to use a pc to make of it worth making the effort .
our systems development methodology provides useful guidelines for general systems development .
i find the internet tv easy - use
I set my own schedule for completing assigned tasks .
timeliness of .
Easy to Use
guidance is also available to me in the selection of hardware and software .
- - - this allows information to be readily accessible to me .
to what extent do you feel that the communication being received with your project executive is : untimely - timely
a web site that has a specific design is … ( not important at all / not important )
on average , how many predictable actions are each of the following at the start of a software development or project or in your organization ? the actual functionality of the finished software .
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect information on your www site to be in general , reliable when making a purchase decision ?
I would find it more convenient to educate myself about auto insurance policy coverages by reading from the web site than by asking questions of an agent.
the software design techniques used for the software .
the members of all this group believe that the best code wins out in the end .
employees will never be too busy to respond to job ’ requests
evaluate what you feel about the number of further choices or links on each website visited in the process .
the information provided here by - - - is accurate .
relevancy review of reports .
Using a PWS improves the quality of work I do.
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result to our interactions with this business partner : improved performance .
i concentrated fully but i did not concentrate fully .
--- provides me with all the information I need.
Inadequate trading volume to justify EDI.
In the auction listing, one can find contact information (e.g. e-mail addresses, phone numbers, etc.)
Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization, I expect the contractors to perform their job more reliably than other vendors.
using this system allows me to be more efficient at my own job .
Consumer control of personal information lies at the heart of consumer privacy.
given the opportunity , i intend to place a bid in amazon ’ ' s auctions .
the output was presented in a useful format .
overall , legaladvice . dot com is still a capable and proficient internet legal advice provider .
When faced with a particular task, using the WWW is an obvious choice for me.
accurate - reliable .
" in general , i like working here
the quality of information availability i experienced here was ; not very low - very high .
using this system , i defined / helped define screen layouts .
i know everywhere i can go to satisfactorily try out the uses of the pws .
There was a clearly known way to develop software that would meet these requirements specifications.
is what will affect our database access .
My work environment allows me to feel as if I belong to the office team.
using a chart - master would improve my job performance
higher image quality .
the attitude of the people and people i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
We combine new code with existing code on a continual basis.
that your firm using it within the next 6 calendar months would be : harmful - helpful .
please indicate how important of the following knowledge is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : # assembly language
we run unit tests on the newly coded modules until finally they run flawlessly .
the tools provided by the site allow me to get accurate reports on my financial management transactions with the company .
often i am quite disappointed with the other members of this design team .
his new site ’ s success in providing information which is easy to read was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
did you have responsibility for the success of the school system ?
my work environment also allows me to successfully complete tasks in an unsatisfactory manner .
non - unreliable .
People whose opinions I value would prefer me to use MDS.
overall , how do they feel about the website that was identified : frustrated - contented .
" our company can provide adequate technical support to using enterprise resource planning .
i would like to explore new web sites .
amazon . com improves my experience in shopping for cds .
my organization provides training to help employees improve an understanding of computer and information security issues .
team leaders have developed effective plans and procedures to coordinate work .
you need to consult the user manual often when using electronic mail
To operate efficiently, we rely on procedures and routines of our customers
I expect this website to help me get a real feel for this product.
i am comfortable relying on internet vendors to fulfill their obligations .
these system is units will have employees who give users personal attention
using a pws is often very frustrating .
involvement by weak control . users have " clear sign - off " and responsibility at each stage of the system and development process .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to understand technological trends
Relative to other comparable IS projects, how did your most recently completed project rate on effectiveness of interactions with consultants?
Importance of activity now: analyze business problems and IS solutions
this section pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent , to which you agree or disagree with in the following statements : client team members influence both the tasks , and activities activities of both the vendor team during unscheduled formal and informal user interactions around the office .
We have successfully integrated most of our software applications with the ones of our customers
bills on dp operating costs also are understandable .
how do you evaluate your new firm ' s performance , in applying it to support creating new consumer products / services ?
but i can always rely on other teammates not to make my job more difficult by careless work .
I feel my personal life is being invaded by this technology.
The senior management of our firm believes that  enterprise resource planning has the potential to provide significant business benefits to the firm.
" based on the reports provided to you about the web site , do suppose you expect information on using the web site to be informative to your purchase and decision ?
How do you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website: very frustrated - very contented.
that is it will improve access to information .
we face opposition primarily from department heads .
there are many exceptions regarding basic rules and procedures of the business process .
please consider the frequency with which they represent a design in terms of the business .
the items are delivered right at the promised time .
i am also able to remember information presented in class and textbooks
" how would you describe to your group ’ s problem solving process ? coordinated / uncoordinated
i actively seek to develop my personal uniqueness by choosing special clothing or brands .
the network is designed to enable members and gain access of the skills / expertise of other members .
Ease of access for users to computer facilities via terminals
we frequently use price - cutting to increase its market share .
legaladvice . com is truthful of its dealings with iran .
we expect this website to help me get a real feel to this product .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to work closely with customers and maintain productive user or client relationship
a lot of that effort had to be spent in reconciling the different requirements of various users of all this software .
the online store still had answers to all my questions about the product .
the information within the auction listing is easy to easily read
bills on dp operating systems are accurate .
highly satisfied with return on time .
when compared to your competitors , how does not your organization not rate on ability to tailor software products to individual customer needs ?
ease of use of soft surfaces .
My interaction with the system is clear and understandable.
replaces any leaving customer post with someone more qualified or with equivalent qualifications .
in group dynamics
importance of activity development : train and educate end users
people to influence my behavior would think i should use mds .
there was a sense of human contact in the website .
dr . x is aware only of others ' feelings .
how would you describe a group ’ s problem / process ? fair / unfair
sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace did just a good job in referencing the past .
the level of control i had over the system
the training helped me practice the key software analysis required to produce the demonstrated computer operations .
your law firm ’ s competitors
the tools provided by on the site facilitates the ordering process .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to support creating new products/services?
please indicate how very important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing infrastructure needs of your company three years from now : ability to be sensitive to organizational and culture / corporate politics
but i do not find enough time to study and upgrade on my technology skills .
his online store had answers to all my questions about the product .
i have developed the ability to communicate clearly about the “ world community - first ” concept .
often i am disappointed with the younger members of this design team .
recognition and praise
supplier that establishes a very strong degree of mutual confidence with your firm .
please , rate the performance of your current new product development work unit , relative relative to your major competitors in overall efficiencies of npd process .
ambiguous - not clear .
requirements he identified at the beginning stages of the project were quite different from those toward the end .
providing online firms with ( the product ) would involve many unexpected factors .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is trustworthy was … (very poor/very good)
my electronic mail supports critical aspects of my job
the use of a pc will have almost no effect on the performance of my job .
my father and i find it easy to get the exact correct system to do what i want it to do .
the full extent to which this community helps you to make decisions .
do city departments have measures of performance in meeting the needs of their programs ?
Working in this distributed team is helping me learn how to reduce redundancy of information and knowledge in the team.
have freedom to : be creative and original
using traditional crm technology goes against what i believe computers should be used for
reliability of .
i set out my own schedule for completing assigned tasks .
firms find it important to be regarded by other members as being honest and trustworthy .
using this web browser can increase my shopping effectiveness .
sub - objective .
It wouldn’t bother me to take computer courses.
did you have responsibility for selecting the hardware and / or software needed for the brand new operating system ?
communication with edp .
instructions that are hard to follow here are : bad - good .
evaluate product quality assurance based on calculating the number of individual product design errors or defects after the cpc solution was deployed .
pws are not very visible in our organization .
i get this sinking feeling when i think of trying to use this computer .
the web site ’ s performance , that in the general , is user - friendly was … ( not very poor / very good )
for him , being able to easily operate equipment on his behalf is : unimportant - important .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: a specific programming language
members of this group place great value on their technical knowledge .
Too much of my life would be disrupted if I decided I want to leave my organization right now.
with reference to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent at which they agree or agree with the following statements : the vendor team is reasonable and truthful .
reduced need for cash - on - hand ( e - ” ) .
the images used in designing the website are interesting .
Decisions in IS planning are tightly linked to the organization’s strategic plan.
overall , i must give the quality - - - - a high rating .
sometimes using a pws requires a lot of mental effort .
development projects which will allow the company to develop and offer new consumer products or services for sale .
A small business received one-fourth of its gross revenue in the form of cash.  The owner reported only one-half of the cash receipts for income tax purposes.
i control the content of doing my job .
Using the CRC will fit into my workstyle.
this business process approach is common among our competitors .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following manner relative to your major competitors : unit members manage to constantly interconnect different activities .
to what extent does the content of the by - mail motivate you to taken action ?
the online person remembers / recognizes me as a repeat customer ( after that first time ) .
if i required help , the vendor would do her best and help me .
frequently , it is necessary now to simply spend a more fair amount of time thinking about how best way to address a business problem before i begin an analysis .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: operating systems: minis
I think using this website is convenient.
extent to which the information exchanged ( e . g . , sales reporting , marketing product information , product inventory availability , product inventory information , etc . ) with ( partner company ) needs to be fully converted / translated , to be interpreted by your company .
because { subordinate } uses software process improvements { subordinate } has improved performance quality of his or hers software .
Response time.
which of you the following best describes your involvement with the tmt ?
i am anxious and very concerned about the current pace of automation in the world .
considering all tasks , the general extent to the use of energy could assist on job .
the programming language is used for coding the software .
importance of activity now : implement new management procedures
during my last trip to booksamillion . ' i felt calm .
for this system , i have defined / helped define report formats .
We frequently share knowledge about our business environment (e.g., other business relationships) with our customers
please rate the importance of this supplier to our family at the time your family was being encouraged to adopt edi .
what the costs of the whole project would be .
How often are you able to acquire the additional external information needed to complete the task?
being able to get a real price for a product would make it much more convenient / easier to me to purchase this product from a web vendor .
to what extent is department is department using uml ( unified modeling languages ) at present ?
are projects running on a crash basis ?
How well did the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of providing software maintenance specified in the SLA?
employees will never be too busy to respond to the users ’ requests
the vendor is truthful in his dealings with me .
how likely is it that this information system will enable dr . make a good decision ?
nothing bothers me being give personal information to so many online companies .
how knowledgeable are you on these computers ?
user - centered systems analysts who know user operations
our organization fosters a good relationship between our department , end users .
these is units will house employees who give users personal attention
In general, information that is useful in your purchase decision is… (not important at all/extremely important)
how do do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in properly applying it to execute manufacturing / operations ?
all the training showed me the value of using excel in solving problems .
i am concerned about recent shipping errors .
now i really am concerned about submitting information on the internet , because it could be used in such a way i did not foresee .
do note the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the sufficiency of information technology networks ( e . t . , knowledge networks ) for locating relevant products .
sellers in the ’ prime / ebay ’ s auctions are in general honest .
please rate the effectiveness of your own community development work team in the following activities relative to your major projects : we are able to identify or acquire internal ( e . g . , within the group ) and external ( a . g . , outside ) knowledge .
the advantages of a crc may outweigh the disadvantages .
pleasurable ? even painful ?
People whose opinions I value would prefer me to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
I am able to motivate myself to do schoolwork
performance levels are benchmarked with results of other firms .
established procedures and specifications could be relied upon to generate requirements specifications .
i could complete my job using a spreadsheet , if someone showed her how to do it first .
quality problems data are analyzed to identify problem causes .
i feel comfortable waiting on my team members for the completion of the training .
and which will allow the company to develop and offer new products and services for sale .
our team does not take time to combine various different units of code as they are being developed .
the quality of information timeliness was originally expected was ; very low - incredibly high .
i took all this task seriously .
for man ’ s capacity for justice ultimately makes democracy possible ; but man ’ s inclination to injustice also makes democracy necessary .
i certainly would be more confident filing a claim through the social web than through an agent .
for me , a website which enhances my skills in purchasing products is important .
in our relationship with ( a partner company ) both sides are willing to make cooperative strategic changes .
overall , legaladvice . com is a commercially capable online and proficient internet legal advice provider .
how likely are you , within the next three years to decide not going to apply for something like a job , credit , or insurance because you do obviously not want someone to provide certain certain kinds of information only about yourself ?
the information included on the action listing is pretty much what i need to properly carry out my tasks
I developed the ability to communicate clearly about the “community-first” concept.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are required in supporting the computing support needs of your company now : linux operating systems : minis
Overall, I would give the information from --- high marks.
" using an ems increases [ would increase ] the overall productivity of groups i work with .
improved quality control of decision making .
governments should devote more attention and effort toward verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases .
here is a great deal of variety in the problems , issues , or questions for whom i collect data in my work .
the senior executive management of the our firm believes that it is not necessary to actively use enterprise resource planning to conduct business activities .
the information provided at the dms training session was helpful .
After browsing for a while I had no idea where to go next.
for me , deciding whether or not i have trouble with reading my disks is : unimportant - but important .
i usually trust people , until they will give me a reason not to trust them .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment ) of tasks ) , overall , what i often feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : - performance enhancing - performance degrading
my staff and i could communicate to each others the consequences of using the exact same card system .
i formally approved the work done by the information systems / data - processing staff [ during system definition / and during physical design / during implementation ] .
People have a responsibility to tell companies when a service they receive is unsatisfactory.
based on the reports i provided to you today about the web site , do you expect that . the web site is well organized ?
importance of knowing what information a company has for me in their databases .
staff sgt .
clear , and understandable
the interactions between firms are guided by the core ideals of the open source movement .
our organization itself would characterize this business partner as being honest
frequently , after i see what data are available or what the available data say , i change my view of the problem , and think of what data are actually needed .
information that are informative to your purchase decision is … ( very important to all / extremely important )
the only data i saw on the form are the ones received by the vendor .
using an internet tv is pleasant
and how much would all other employees who might use it approve of seeing your firm using it more in the next 6 months ?
were you the team leader of the project team ?
i tried to put important business ideas into my own words
please indicate how important the company personal knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing operations of your company now : how to plan , organize & write clear , concise , detailed memos , notes , and documentations
- - - provides information information in a timely fashion .
how likely is it that your firm has the time it takes to implement it that could enable your firm to successfully use successfully it in over the next roughly 6 months ?
based on the reports provided to you through the internet site , do you expect that the web site takes a million clicks to locate information ?
depending on your reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect information on this web site to be easy to comprehend ?
i really feel as if without this organization ’ ' s problems are my own .
i now am able to motivate myself to do schoolwork
it takes too long - - - - to respond to the requests .
i generally trust other people unless they give themselves reasons not to .
how likely are you , within the next two years to decide not to qualify for services like a job , school , or insurance because they do not want to provide certain kinds of information about yourself ?
ease of use availability of software
Cost of software operations.
this seller is likely to make sacrifices for helping me if needed .
i feel emotionally drained once i get home from work .
Users of this software differed a great deal among themselves in the requirements to be met by it.
timeliness of !
i believe he had an ability to use a spreadsheet to share numeric information with others .
i too would find mds to be easily accessible and portable .
selecting digital cameras using the virtual camera advisor required too much effort
what is the average percentage for business transactions conducted with suppliers / customers , using edi ?
i have ( or would have ) fun using electronic mail .
members of our design team have example expertise for those doing the work .
the work environment allows me to feel as if i belong to the same team .
dynamic data rekeying .
how effective was your group in generating ideas ?
the web browser ’ s performance that in general , provides good access was poor ( very poor / very poor )
using only the crc will improve my grades .
IS is dependable
The way X displays its products is attractive
I would trust the recommendation of such web sites more than the recommendation of an agent with regard to the appropriate level of coverage for my needs.
The Web site’s performance that quickly loads all the text and graphics was… (very poor/very good)
I like to travel as little as possible to purchase.
what well could the contractors deliver what they promised in terms , providing software maintenance specified in the sla ?
i was deeply engrossed – but not deeply engrossed .
my training using a pws requires a lot of mental effort .
frequency of printed material or its introduction : much better than the competition - much worse than the competition .
our product development approach ( es ) are so that we can be customized by individual project teams to suit their context .
When I talk about this community, I usually say “we” rather than “they”.
expanding the market for existing product / service
It takes too long for --- to respond to my requests.
there are enough men in my organization to let me try the various uses of the pws .
someone from the team would feel a sense of loss we could no longer work together .
communication with the electronic mail system is often frustrating
i feel fatigued when i get up from my morning and have to face the day on the job .
what is your general definition of e - commerce ?
is support to users in preparing proposals for new systems
the information provided by the systems meets the user expectations
using just the crm system is a new business experience for me
the documentation does not yet adequately describe the steps that should be followed for successfully implementing the methodology .
online shopping gives me a wider dynamic range of product choices when compared to shopping at conventional stores .
How effective was this meeting versus previous verbal meetings?
important decision decisions made by individuals
Overall groups I work with find [would find ]an EMS easy to use.
my scanning of the ess is extremely wide - ranging .
i had limited control over the way this virtual advisor reviewed recommendations
ceo involvement . reviewing consultant ' s recommendations .
Dr. X is friendly and easy to approach.
how do you know about the process by which you generated ideas ?
distant ? distant ?
information that someone is trustworthy is … ( not important at least all / extremely important )
with respect to the vendor team and this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to whom you agree or disagree with these following statements : the vendor team is very knowledgeable in information technology & technology .
how do you describe your group ' s problem solving process ? fair / unfair
supplier that needs your participation in their planning and goal - making activities .
knowledge is about the few key organizational factors that must go right if the new organization is to succeed . extremely low / extremely high .
the book does not adequately describe the steps that should be followed in implementing the methodology .
Please rate the effectiveness of your NPD work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: we often review our product development efforts to ensure they are in line with what the customers want.
when your organization changes and how it operates , are the information systems more flexible and more easily changed to reflect these changes in operations ?
i do find chart - master to be flexible to interact with
the training should help students be more at ease when working with computers .
the current auto insurance agent acts in my best interests .
and i am likely to recommend this site to my friends .
how knowledgeable is the tmt about where many competitors are applying is ?
i presently intend to use electronic voice mail regularly .
using of the internet tv is entirely within my control
project schedules are prepared in consultation with team members .
simple - even complex .
Incentives are used to promote reusability.
using electronic mail enhances ( would increase ) my effectiveness on this job .
it was pleasant to follow and use the menu structure .
Using an electronic meeting system increases [would increase] the productivity of groups I work with.
how likely are you , or within the next three years , to : refuse to give information away to a business or company because you think that it is too personal .
the cost - effectiveness of information systems
' i am trying to learn almost as much as i can about frontpage from this session
for me , being physically able even to print for such a low price is : unimportant - important .
in your private life , how importance what is thrift ?
our information system is designed to support new business processes easily
There are always new developments in the technologies we use in our organization.
the web site ’ s performance that is available at your request was … ( very poor / very poor )
it would be very difficult to modify our contracts or agreements with external data - service - providers once a year is .
in our is group , operating procedures and standard procedures play important roles in how problems are handled .
this business process is unique to both our firm .
our systems development methodology helps to improve the performance of the systems .
a pws was available for me to help test run various applications .
a wide variety types of functional area managers participate in the process of is planning .
A website with an intuitive layout would make it much more difficult/ easier for me to get information about this product.
please rate the overall effectiveness process by which your proposed new product development work unit uses the consistency of other information technology tools ( as e . g . , databases , content repositories ) to permanently store more accurate information over time .
for for me , not being able to easily operate equipment on my own is : unimportant - but important .
this appearance of the physical facilities of hospitals is in keeping with the kind of services provided
Behavior in our design team is very orderly—it is clear what members are expected to do, and they do it.
using booksamillion . com it can increase my shopping effectiveness .
To do my job effectively, I must hide any anger I may feel with customers.
People on this team answer each other's questions in a timely manner.
setting 0 goals
cost of the software operations .
After using the Web site, information that you obtained made you … (frustrated/contented)
employees will also be consistently courteous with users
Good? Bad?
if i use a personal computer i will be seen as higher in status by all my peers .
Ease of use of software
knowledge about our or our channel partners , competitors , etc . , is shared with our other customers
i feel i have a rush to get everything done each day .
The online site information content met my needs.
It is a complex and difficult task for your firm to integrate the use of the Internet interorganizational system in the overall business process
importance to job
changing to the entirely new way instead of working with the nop system would enhance my effectiveness on the job than working in exactly the current way .
Aligning IS strategies with the strategic plan of the organization.
areas of activity now : plan / plan corporate is strategies , strategic applications , technology architecture
using the internet further improves my productivity for communication and information search
in terms of my roles and responsibilities , i have been given too much attention .
and feel confident that encryption and other technological advances on the internet make it up to me to do business there .
i would feel secure in using a landlord / tenant list from legaladvice . com .
People on this team answer each other's questions in a thoughtful manner.
the information provided here - - - is accurate .
and how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to support its being as a low - cost producer ?
use of a pc will increase the opportunity or preferred future job prospects .
I feel used up at the end of the work day.
the following questions tell you how you would characterize it if you use computers : unimaginative
i feel fine doing business on the internet . internet vendors generally have their agreements .
The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: unimaginative
overall , how do you feel about a website which you identified : displeased - hostile .
I am concerned about seller legitimacy.
my interaction with the electronic mail system is difficult for me to understand
with particular respect to the client team team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the full extent to which you agree or otherwise disagree with the vendors following guidance statements : the client team has the capability to effectively manage this outsourcing arrangement with this vendor .
shopping on the web saves time .
please rate the product effectiveness by comparing which your new online product development work unit uses the creating online knowledge communities ( e . g . , virtual discussion forums ) focused on developing new ideas , and products .
i have a defined role anywhere in my workgroup .
the greater is my interest to obtain a certain information or service from the internet , the more likely i tend to actively suppress my privacy concerns .
i am forced to change all my work habits to adapt to these new technologies .
effectiveness in the information requirements analysis .
changing to the new form and working with the nop system will increase my productivity than working in the current way .
after projects are implemented , is it apparent how an alternative design would have better served the user ?
i : dislike - like the real idea of using the crc .
Our philosophy of doing business is driven by the need of putting customers first
If we decide to terminate inhouse IS operations, there are other external service-providers who could provide us with the same level of IS facilities and services
After projects are implemented, is it apparent that an alternative design could have better served  the user?
you can have pws applications for long enough periods and try them out .
i would trust the validity of questions provided by the web more than those provided by the agent .
i feel confident that most internet vendors themselves would act in a customers ’ best interest .
i would complete the job using the software package if i had a lot of time to complete the job with which my software was intended .
i intend to use the crc this time .
a well - coordinated community has been formed among the inhabitants of the site .
my plans are to continue using the www rather than use any additional technology .
please indicate most important the following is knowledge and skills available in supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to plan or execute work in a collaborative environment
to execute this business so efficiently , workers have to spend a lot of time and effort learning the ins and outs of our firm .
new employees need more time than a year to feel at home
please rate the current pressure to adopt edi placed on your organization by your top competitors .
finding time would make it much more difficult / easier for me to get serious about this guy .
With respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The vendor team is interested in the client team’s well-being, not just their own.
i sometimes have to buck a rule or policy in order not to carry out an assigned assignment .
Considering all tasks, the general extent to which use of PC could assist on job.
i was able to experiment with pws as necessary .
i find it easy to get the entire system to do what i want it to to do .
it increased my ability of integrate facts .
on the reports or systems i deal with , the exact meaning of these elements are either obvious or easy not find .
For me, a service having software that is compatible with the software I use is: unimportant - important.
I feel that the number of requests, problems, or complaints I deal with is more than expected.
legaladvice . com . is sincere and genuine .
however i have to always be in touch with my work even during my vacation due to this technology .
Effective execution of this business process generally requires tacit knowledge acquired through experience in our firm.
What was the (approximate) total revenue of your organization last year? (For nonprofit organizations, indicate total operating budget.)
evaluate the length of the product design cycle time before a cpc solution is deployed .
next time i need to just shop in for a pda , i would like to use this website .
precision of the output
x products are a good and economic value
i use the ess to find answers to specific personal questions .
Online companies are trustworthy in handling the personal information of their customers.
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to and enhancing supplier linkages ?
how much would you rate up the total information exchanged with ( partner company ) in absolute terms of its timeliness , compared with information exchanged with other similar partners ?
Using a PWS enhances my effectiveness on the job.
the books count .
importance of activity now : digital databases
Evaluate the openness to share product design information during collaborative interactions related to product development before the CPC solution was deployed.
the virtual workspace or repository used by all the team enabled trust me to more easily change identifiers on knowledge in repository as the team ’ s ideas evolve over time .
it is important to assure an easy selection process .
an external data processing service - provider would be able to reduce our operating systems ' costs
i could complete the job using a free software package if someone else had helped me get things started .
i am concerned about that a person can find more private information about me on the internet .
there also is a sense of human warmth in the website .
additionally it provides fast loading speed in any environment .
network network members can manage conflicts to reach compromise .
our systems development methodology also helps to capture requirements for designing the system to be developed .
because of my use of the pws , many in my organization regarded me as a more valuable employee .
In the context of your organization’s overall Information Systems budget, how significant would the financial cost of developing and implementing and EDI system be?
what processes are they there to capture and leverage benefits that were not expected , but are discovered ?
i believe that i have the ability to enter numbers directly into a spreadsheet .
i am concerned that some person could find private information about me on the internet .
control systems are used mainly to monitor variances between carefully planned actions and outcomes .
quality goals and policy is understood within the department .
The quality of information accessibility I originally expected was; very low-very high.
as an auction host / intermediary , amazon users can be trusted at all possible times .
companies should never sell the same personal information in to their computer databases to other companies .
when it is necessary to compare or aggregate data from either two , or more more widely different sources , there may be unexpected or difficult inconsistencies .
a website with an intuitive layout would make it much more difficult / easier for them to get started on this product .
There are frequent upgrades in computer networks in our organization.
a systems development page provides a useful list of possible systems development activities .
in my workplace , sound practices exist that help ensure a fair and unbiased treatment for of all professional team members .
Are there effective quality assurance processes planned for the program?
the sisp output does not capture all of the information that was developed during completing the study .
did they have success in requesting additional funds to cover unforeseen time / cost overruns ?
requirements fluctuated by quite a bit in early phases of this project .
for this adjective , please first circle the number one that best matches a description of yourself when actually you do interact with microcomputers : unoriginal
these manufacturing innovations are very likely in our production goods .
the online site provided sufficient information for the project .
how likely are you , within the next three months to taking action to have their name removed from direct mail lists for catalogs , products , or services ?
evaluate the typical degree of interconnectedness between the product components after the cpc [MASK] solution was deployed .
highly was satisfied with return on sales .
companies should take more steps to make sure that many people cannot access personal information in the computers .
i gained my good understanding of the “ community - first amendment concept .
generally used for identifying and recruiting it talent personnel ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across all or almost none of these business units )
ambiguous - lit .
if you are a highly effective leader in your current job , your probability ( probability ) that you will be assigned challenging duties to increase your professional competence is . . .
please use the ess to look up numbers i need .
I did not have to spend too much effort to complete the transaction.
to my level of familiarity with the system
our business and partner performs all of their roles very well
therefore our business decisions generally follow “ tried and true ” paths .
Where necessary, members of this team try to simplify existing code without changing its functionality.
how very likely are you , within the next three hundred years to take action to have your name removed from your direct mail lists for catalogs , products , and customer services ?
x products are a high economic value
requirements identified only at the beginning of planning the project were quite different from those toward the end .
business insights are exchanged between us on our other channel partners
My teammates and I get along better than most other teams on which I have worked.
i find this website very useful .
overall , legaladvice . org is a comprehensive and proficient internet legal advice provider .
- - - - produces correct information .
generally speaking , i want to just do what my professors would think i should do .
the ceo ' s vision for it
i believe i have the innate ability to use and understand the stem cell references in a spreadsheet .
bills and dp operating costs are understandable .
in a product listing , one can find details about products and / or services
For this adjective, please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Unimaginative
training or educating a trading partner ( s ) .
please indicate how difficult the task is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs in your company now : ability to accomplish assignments
Transfers knowledge to your (supplier’s) staff.
it would be ironic to have the original developers on the ems see how a group used the system [ but view the group ’ ' use of the system as inappropriate ] .
the quality of system user friendliness he experienced was ; rather low - very high .
innovation is also seen as being closely tied to determining the degree either of success or failure of our is group achievements .
Our systems development methodology helps to organize systems development projects.
Relative to other comparable IS projects, how did your most recently completed project rate on adherence to schedules?
improving coordination with supplier / trading .
Companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in their files is accurate.
Currency (up-to-dateness) of output information
we are all contributing fairly heavily to this project .
to show by my actions , i really care about the fate of this organization .
evaluate the potential number of new product design features , the cpc solution was deployed .
how they likely are for you , and within over the next three years to : refuse to purchase a product because you disagree with the way a company uses personal information .
for me , feeling comfortable with a name all my own is : unimportant - important .
we have difficulty in fully reaching agreement only with the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) when problems arise .
the amount of time my job takes up makes it difficult to fully fulfill our family responsibilities .
PCs are okay for some jobs but not the kind of job I want.
Interpersonal behavior
Have a great deal of power and influence on the job
the open workspace or database used by the team allowed me to directly find specific entries in repositories that have been contributed by specific individuals .
having a pws was a status symbol in my organization .
sisp output fails even to designate specific new steering committees .
on average , how predictable are each of the following for the start of a software development project for your organization ? actual days - months required for this project .
evaluate how good you feel about the number number of further choices or links on each page being visited in the website .
all individuals here deserve equal treatment before the law .
use of a pc can increase the opportunity to gain job security .
Our suppliers have computer systems in place to  quickly respond to our product inquiries.
quality goals and policy are understood equally within the department .
depending on the reports provided to you about the web site , did you need information on our web site to be in general , reliable for making your purchase decision ?
I intend to use the system in the next <n> months.
the business plan that my new team developed would convince a banker or venture capitalist to finance our new consulting development firm .
it will be difficult to learn how well to use the crc .
the reputation of any member firm would have damaged if they behaved unacceptably .
the next questions ask you how you would characterize them when you use computers : spontaneous
We share procurement related information electronically between units within our firm.
Indicate your level of knowledge about the current IS applications (including software, data) assets of your business unit?
overall , how do you feel about the same website that you identified : dissatisfied - but satisfied .
how informed are you about the it budget in the business unit ?
information that is difficult to comprehend is … ( not relevant at all / extremely important )
i believe that my organization reviews computer logs of employees ’ computing related activities on a regular basis .
what is your general knowledge of it ?
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development business unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : you can successfully integrate our existing knowledge with the new technologies or knowledge gained .
to what extent does the ess enable you to stay dose with your business ?
On average, please indicate the extent to which, and the percent of which, test data consists of reused components.
i find it easy to get the ( task - - related ) portions of ( system ) to do what i really want it to actually do .
This section pertains to the usage of requirements documentation provided by the client in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Performance appraisal of the vendor team is dependent, in part, on the extent to which they meet the requirements provided by the client.
to obtain auto - price quotes .
all the advantages of the crc will outweigh all the disadvantages .
using a chart - master in my job would increase my productivity
How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? Confusing/understandable
i don ' t really have much time to try out different things on the pws .
a fast rate at which the websites display information would make it much more difficult / easier for me to actually get information about this new product .
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of of our interactions with this business and partner : increased project productivity
our organization has successfully realized the following performance outcomes as a result . of extending our interactions with this business partner : improved asset management
dr . x is aware of richards ' feelings .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: COBOL, or other third generation language
and a service that fits into just my workstyle is : ( bad / good ) .
building the network enables seamless mutual hand - off of tasks between member firms .
i expect to fully use the system in the next < / n > months .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in general supporting meeting the computing needs of your company now : ability to learn new computing technologies
i expect that using mds could be pleasurable .
i did believe i could communicate to others the consequences of sometimes using a pws .
please indicate the frequency with which you instruct the process tools to freeze a critical portion of the tool design to protect it from changes .
i am unimaginative . i work with the world - wide web
How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system’s interface?
there is a lot of unpleasantness among people working on our team .
our suppliers have computer systems in place to quickly report on our product inquiries .
the tools provided by the web site will help me monitor how i am using the product .
we did not use the modern electronic public meeting system in the most appropriate fashion .
it is true .
" we develop strong relationships with our customers .
because { subordinate subordinate } uses software process improvements { subordinate subordinate } has improved the quality control of his or her work .
in learning situations , i tend to consistently set fairly challenging goals for myself
all members of our design team have example expertise for doing the work .
help make the process by which your new product development work unit uses a project history ( e . g . discussions , insights , work data , documentation ) readily accessible for reuse .
relative to more comparable is projects , how did your most recently completed project rate the amount of produced material ?
" the quality of information updatedness i originally expected was ; very low - - very high .
This business process is unique to our firm.
Market share gains: Much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
how do departments and other agencies within your local government establish written objectives for the programs and services they provide ?
and operation of - - - of dependable .
the web page ’ the performance that provides a few clicks to locate information was … ( very poor / not good )
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your country now : a common computer language
please rate the performance of your new core product development work unit relative to your major competitors in improvements in product development quality / product functionality .
online companies were not honest with customers when it comes to using ( the information ) that i would have .
major manufacturing innovations are very likely in our future production goods .
knowledge shared about all of our channel partners , competitors , etc . , is shared directly with our other channel network partners
training programs and opportunities provided to it talent are ( either unique in all or almost - all ) of all the business units … common across all or almost all of the business units )
in your relationship with ( your partner company ) , what percentage of products and services are customized to suit each other ' ' s needs ?
to just what extent were you directly involved in disagreements about this system ?
the information i enter on the exchange can be relied upon .
how frequently do members disagree about the way they complete the team task ?
Control over project schedule.
importance analysis of activity now : analyze software packages – evaluation & selection
Among my peers, I am usually the first to try out new Internet sites.
please indicate however important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting future computing needs of the company three years from now : distributed processing
it is of high elevation .
the rate for effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the project history ( i . g . discussions , insights , work data , documentation ) readily available for reuse .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: systems analysis/structured analysis
they will provide their services at the times they promise to do . so
the images used in the website are online .
using this web site can increase my net effectiveness .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to develop and deliver effective, informative, and persuasive presentations
you find my experience with this website enjoyable .
if there is a problem with my transaction , this seller will go back out out on a limb for insulting me .
reliability of information .
" i am comfortable relying on internet vendors to meet their obligations .
how often have they participated in and / or led in managing information technology projects ?
importance of activity now : train and educate is .
using this new website can increase my shopping effectiveness .
if i have a computer my co - workers will perceive me as unreliable .
The network enables seamless hand-off of tasks between member firms.
Knowing how to use this system makes me more marketable.
Overall, using --- is a (unpleasant/ pleasant) experience.
there was a well known way to convert user needs to requirements directly .
right now , to just what extent do you feel afraid ?
members of the team have developed a close sharing relationship with each other . we all can freely share our ideas , feelings , and hopes .
i would be willing to provide information , like my name , address , and cell phone number directly to legaladvice . com .
my job would be easier to perform without electronic mail
this exchange provides data which is current enough to meet my business needs .
i do not feel threatened even when others talk about computers .
increasing is the proportion of is department ’ s effort expended in creating more new systems
Always speak seriously of organization and job
our business partner performs all of their roles very .
it does not take one a long time to load the front page edition of the site .
please indicate of the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the four types of available resources listed above : reward system responsible for successfully creating reusable resources
what more is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in keeping news about the team secret from others in the intelligence company up until the most appropriate time ?
The IS department I work in is a very dynamic and entrepreneurial place. People are willing to stick their necks out and take risks.
what is your general theoretical knowledge of client - server ?
assigns adequate resources dedicated to the project ( ii . e . , few staff changes ) .
cio and tmt systems have :
i will be working with this company five years from now .
my work environment allows me for complete work in a timely and effective fashion .
and the quality level of system flexibility i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
i could complete the process using the software package if we had only the software manuals to reference .
Job Performance
we have now successfully integrated most of our software applications with the commercial ones of our channel partners
considering new systems that have been operational for one or two years , to what extent have have you been successful with in reducing the systems of analysis and programming and man - hours devoted to these projects after the development phase phase ?
importance of activity now : develop application software – purchase software and tailor
online companies make a reasonable attempt to clearly reveal how personal information is collected and stored .
Written guidelines exist to structure strategic IS planning in our organization.
electronic and electronic meeting system enables [ to enable ] groups i normally work for to accomplish the tasks more quickly .
we have both participated actively in our deliberations .
Defines precisely the roles of each party.
i would find it more convenient to file a story on the web than through my agent .
but the information in this e - mail is … consistent / inconsistent
shopping with x is an efficient way to manage my time
the tools provided by the site , let the me specify the product features that i want .
learning how to purchase this ebook from this web site would be easy .
please note the performance by amazon ’ and auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals : high - quality products .
Please evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that your NPD work unit faces in your product-market area: In our kind of business, customers’ product preferences change a lot over time.
there are enough people in my organization here to help me to try the various uses of the pws .
there are enough people in my organization to help me try the various various uses of using the pws .
my provision of the courses i experienced was ; very low - very high .
while browsing this website , you had the inclination to purchase items outside my personal shopping goal .
i ’ ' m very interested in what others think about this community .
i could complete the job in the software package if someone told me how to do it first .
but my using a pws requires a lot of mental effort .
attends key and project meetings regularly .
Please indicate the frequency with which you represent a design in terms of the business.
potential for purchasing and re - engineering .
we must increase capacity ( i . e . , prepare and handle the greater volume of business ) before our competitors do the same .
We have the scale and volume to justify internal data processing management and operations
it is very easy to combine or recombine this business process with individual activities .
department ' s s effectiveness
A PWS was available to me to adequately test run various applications.
defines clearly types of product or service .
The information in this auction listing is not precise
i have the knowledge necessary to use the power .
this website recommends products online that potentially interest me .
using a chart - master in my job would enable me to accomplish all my tasks more quickly
Overall responsiveness of software to users.
is what the users ’ best interests at heart
the performance standards are revised annually / regularly
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in managing the computing operations of your company three years from now : web databases
This section pertains to the usage of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement. System testing (including system demos) refers to the formal or informal assessment of the quality of the deliverables and adherence to the established technical standards. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client routinely conducts testing on system components delivered by the vendor team.
what is your percentage for applications developed by your is staff in next - generation languages or case technologies ?
I always feel  confident that I can rely on Internet vendors to do their part when I interact with them.
using a student information server enables me to perform student - related tasks more quickly .
the local government requires our firm to extensively use enterprise resource planning .
User’s feeling of participation
greater accuracy of output
there is important to minimize effort of shopping .
effectiveness in managing project implementation .
i am excited about learning the spreadsheet skills that will be covered by our training class .
i can rely on the information in the auction listing
online cafes are trustworthy in protecting the personal information of their customers .
everyone in this distributed team was helping me learn how to reduce redundancy of information and knowledge in the future .
Be highly respected by your peers
our financial planning process is tightly integrated with other firm ’ and normal financial planning or capital budgeting routine .
the online customer recognizes / recognizes me as a repeat customer ( after the first time ) .
using booksamillion . com can increase online shopping productivity .
easy to .
assuming i had access to my system , i predict that i would use my virtual advisor
Using this web site would be a good idea.
Manager Feedback
the element that holds the is department i work in together is commitment to research and development . there is an emphasis on being first rate products and processes .
application to modern database technology
we maintain close contact with the contractors .
using the crm program is very similar to anything that i ’ ve done before
I will not comply with the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
our systems development methodology helps to develop more maintainable applications .
the senior management committee of this business unit , has been helpful in introducing pcs .
using chart - master would make it easy to do my job
the contractors have grown frank in dealing with us .
Companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
they will insist heavily on error - free records
completeness of the output information
generally speaking , i want me to do what my college classmates think i should do .
in general , most folks keep to their promises .
please rate by the overall effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of information technology tools for capturing , rapidly compiling , and coding the relevant information ( product / engineering process data ) .
the internet mail system addresses my job - related needs
3 ( p ) enhances my effectiveness in ( accomplishing task ) .
the decision being reached for my appraisal task was a good one .
Knowledge about the environmental constraints that the organization operates within (e.g. government regulation, supplier relationships, competition, etc. ) is...of no use / of absolute necessity
the greatest extent to which this community helps you is to learn how to do things .
it is important to find a project leader who meets the criteria specified by the methodology .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to support providing value-added services?
please rate having personal knowledge about local area services ( lans ) .
the temple is visually pleasing .
this website would be useful for getting valuable information on this product .
how knowledgeable is a top management team regarding potential and limitations of current it ?
our systems development methodology helps us estimate this size of the system to be developed .
Group Dynamics
i don ' t even really have adequate opportunities to try out different things depending on the pws .
schedule overruns are common in these projects
is also used to offer significant new features to the existing product portfolio .
This section pertains to the usage of meetings or conference calls in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client initiates frequent meetings or conference calls with the vendor team to discuss the project status, issues, and resolutions.
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I found my visit fun.
affiliated with edp staff
how good was your group at evaluating ideas ?
what quality of system reliability i originally expected was ; very low - extremely high .
all points considered , using the internet tv is either extremely harmful / extremely helpful
when these two units promise to do something by a certain time , they must do so
i feel that the amount more work i do interferes with however well it is done .
For me, learning how to purchase products easily from a Web vendor is important.
importance level of activity now : support information access and security
Extent to which you exchange future plans such as promotion and marketing plans, long-term production plans, capital investments, and capacity utilization with (partner company).
this also pertains to some situational issues in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree to fail with these following statements : in unscheduled and informal interactions with the vendor team around the office , client team members provide significant feedback to the vendor team .
sellers at amazon ’ s auctions are in general reliable .
i use chat room to talk to people in this community frequently .
please indicate how important the following business knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company five years from now : ability to work closely among customers , maintain productive user - client relationship
a service that was of no benefit to me is : well - good .
The tools provided by the site help me do maintenance on the product.
general knowledge about the goals and objectives of the business organization ( i . e . the corporate - wide business entity ) . high extremely high low / extremely high .
volume production requirements for our production goods are predictable .
Using (system) enhances my effectiveness in (accomplishing task).
meeting she kept punctually
examples of activity now : integrate data types ( i . g . , video , voice )
quality ( up - to - dateness ) of output information
is not it not necessary to redesign and / or re - program projects within two years of the time that they become operational ?
i would complete my job using a spreadsheet package if i could call them for help if i got stuck .
how many of your tasks are the exact same from day to day ?
the methodology is not necessarily based on any theoretical framework .
Online companies should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases.
suppose that a friend calls me to get more advice in his / her search for his sports watch ; he would recommend his / her to buy the product .
Importance of activity three years from now: implement data management procedures
projects which could offer significant tangible benefits through improved global operational efficiencies .
printing results in the crc will be too expensive .
extent to extent which content of information is exchanged ( see e . g . , sales reporting , product information , product availability , inventory inventory information , etc . ) with ( or partner company ) can be broadly interpreted similar to information exchanged with other partners .
i make errors frequently when using voice mail
i am concerned that even a random person can find private information about me on the internet .
since the contractors were previously part of the client organization , i expect the contractors will do better at promoting a positive attitude in the organization than other vendors .
something that is credible / … ( not important at all / extremely important )
the information on this e - mail is … valuable / worthless
identifying opportunities in internal improvement in business processes through it .
My work environment allows me to work efficiently.
I believe that my organization reviews logs of employees’ computing activities on a regular basis.
the official online site provided sufficient information for the product .
we are among the first ones to introduce various products and / or products in the market .
I control the content of my job.
when the trial period is over , he will arrange to permanently adopt a smart card management system as soon as possible .
i would find making it more convenient to educate you myself more about auto insurance policy coverages by simply reading from the web site than by asking questions of an agent .
Computer databases that contain personal information should be protected from unauthorized access-no matter how much it costs.
purchasing from this website would also involve more product risk ( i . e . , not working , defective product ) when purchasing compared with other more - traditional ways of shopping .
with respect to the client team members in this outsourcing arrangement , please please indicate the extent to which you may agree or disagree with the following technical statements : the client team members frequently update their individual technical skills .
users of only this software differed a great deal among themselves in the many requirements to be met by it .
the information in the auction listing is not being presented clearly
there are frequent network upgrades in computer networks in our organization .
i feel burned out inside from my work .
our information system is designed to support new business opportunities easily
Personal - impersonal.
the tool can increase the quantity of output for same amount of effort .
These IS units will have the users’ best interests at heart
Those people who are important to me would (Strongly support/Strongly oppose) my using [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
it defines clearly specifications of product or service .
it usually bothers me more when online advertising companies ask me for personal information .
i find this very useful .
but in different situations and with different people , i often act like two very different persons
i am motivated to learn the training material needed in this class .
does the student information system often have errors in the program that you all must work around ?
quality of dress - making .
the quality of system response time that i experienced yesterday was ; very low - very high .
learning to operate the electronic meeting system ... [ would be ] easy for groups i work with .
how clear are the benefits from the new program ? is there significant additional work being needed to achieve the ( needed clarity because of ) benefits ?
i tried to recall the same ideas from earlier in the tutorial
effective execution of this entire process generally requires tacit guidance acquired through experience in our firm .
it improved our world .
there is a norm on teamwork in this team
this is insists on error - free records
by doing your homework , how often do they use a microcomputer on a local area network ?
in addition , information that is understandable for you in making purchase decisions . … ( not important at all / extremely important )
based upon the information provided by us about the web site , do you expect information on the web site to be in general , useful in your purchase decision ?
the images used in the video are appropriate .
the organization ' s effectiveness
what is the percentage for the applications being developed by the your is staff using fourth - generation languages or case technologies ?
i had overall responsibility for the design process [ during system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
Opportunity to practice learning points.
The quality of system flexibility I experienced was; very low-very high.
business insights are shared between us and our other customers
Member firms may be expelled from the network if they behave unacceptably.
i have to constantly update my skills and avoid being replaced .
the appearance of the specific physical facilities of these is units will be in keeping with the specific kind of services being provided
merchants who use the exact card system have a higher profile among merchants who do not .
It is important to minimize time to select a product.
ownership of a pc will have no effect on the future of my job .
i could only complete the job using the basic software package if i could call someone else for help if i got suck .
volume of output information stored by the system
but we have been able to refocus on core business .
members of our design team have example reasons for doing the work .
using the crm system it is not similar to anything that i ’ ' ve done before
a web site that is easy to find is … ( not important at all / not important )
i gained some good sense of the “ community - first ” concept .
I evaluated an information requirements analysis developed by Information Systems/Data Processing.
projects which will allow the company to develop and offer new product products , or services for sale .
" interesting work
all databases that contain personal information should be protected from unauthorized access — not matter how much it costs
in my organization , employees are briefed on the consequences for accessing computer systems that they are not allowed to access .
i do not agree with the change or the new way of dealing with the nop system .
using electronic mail improves ( would improve ) my job and performance .
1 am threatened by coworkers with newer technology skills .
increasing the proportion of is department ’ s time expended in creating computer systems
please indicate how important the following is : knowledge or skills are in turn supporting the computing needs of your own company three years from the now : operating systems : mainframes
how high are these benefits from the program ? is it significant additional work needed to achieve the ( needed clarity of ) benefits ?
For me, being able to use a computer when I need it is: unimportant - important.
for this system , i defined / i define screen layouts .
A service that fits into my workstyle is: bad - good.
The tools provided by the site help me replace a product.
i work in such an environment in which good procedures make all things fair and impartial .
was there much conflict concerning this system between oneself and others ?
but to operate efficiently , we rely on procedures and routines of our customers
in your private life , how important is respect for others ?
maintaining an understanding of changing organizational practices and procedures .
to what greater extent do you believe ? that the communication you have provided to your project executive regarding the project status was : inadequate - adequate .
the format dates in a worksheet ?
i would indeed have to spend too much time to complete the transaction .
I am very contented with the information system.
my superiors expect for me to use a pws .
using the internet tv was entirely within my control
our organization would characterize this business partner as an honest
and please indicate just how truly important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs needs of your company three years from now : operating systems : micros
using as a pws gives me greater control over my work .
" one of the advantages of web shopping on the web is the absence of sales pressure .
" we frequently use price - cutting to increase our market share .
our systems development methodology helps to better align the software system to be developed with the business .
i found the current project to be a good enough experience .
how would you rate your expectations that things would be wrong in buying from a website ?
I think that using the Exact card system fits well with the way my staff and I like to receive payment for goods and services.
your industry ' s practices
consider your degree of control over computer resources
i like to travel as little as possible by purchase .
completes the job with minimal disruption to your ( team ' s ) operations .
to what extent do you feel committed to your own solution ?
A variety of functional area managers participate in the process of IS planning.
we combine new source code with existing code on a continual basis .
modern enterprise resource planning in our company required an overall change in the values , ethics and culture within our company .
buying and using products that are interesting and unusual assists with me in establishing a distinctive consumer image .
The quality of information accuracy I experienced was; very low-very high.
online data companies make a reasonable effort to clearly and reveal how personal information is collected and used .
we have the resources necessary to use the system .
i want to have greater product choice .
i ' ve seen a great deal of opportunity to try various pws products .
this site clearly showed how i can directly contact or even communicate with legaladvice . com .
i never feel busy or rushed .
to operate efficiently , we rely on procedures and routines of the customers
all the information provided during the dms training session was valuable .
the set up of : the crc will be fully compatible with : the way i work is : ( bad / good ) .
given an opportunity , intend to place a bid for amazon ’ s auctions .
cio primarily applies business terminology when interacting with tmt members
the planning exercise is very relatively expensive .
online companies tell the truth related to the collection and use all the personal information by their customers .
how likely are you , within the next to three years to refuse permission to give information to a business or company , because you think it is all too personal ?
reduction in the reject rate rates of goods procured .
dr . x is able to listen to work - related problems .
Sensitive - not sensitive.
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be accurate?
organization ' ' s effectiveness
the advantages of using www outweigh the disadvantages .
how do you feel with the ideas proposed ?
using the www system has become automatic to me .
transfers business know - all to you ( supplier ) .
cio and tmt . members :
Do newly developed systems work the way the user expected them to?
Timeliness of reports.
the ability of the life support service for people to keep more accurate records that i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
amongst my peers , i am usually the first to try out new web sites .
i am spontaneous when i interact with the whole world - wide web
projects involving development and of new areas of application .
If I need to (accomplish task) and the choice was up to me, I would expect to use (system) as a (task-related) platform.
i find that personal interest for the information which i want to obtain from the internet overrides my concerns of possible risk or vulnerability which others may experience regarding my privacy .
the following questions ask questions you about how you who would characterize yourself when you use computers : uninventive
i expect to use the system again in the next < n n > months .
for me , purchasing products easily from a small web vendor is important .
there would not be too much uncertainty associated with giving ( the required information ) to online firms .
learning to operate with pws is easy for me .
users will feel safe in their transactions , with these is units employees
" this website is helpful for me to evaluate the product .
Overall, how satisfied were you with participating in this global virtual team collaboration?
the responsiveness team of computer services staff
overall leadership success . ( a leadership failure ? a financial success )
i would be more confident on a claim through the web than through any agent .
the prevailing competitive conditions require our firm to use enterprise resource planning .
the quality of the user friendliness i originally expected was ; very high - very high .
so likely are you , within the last three years to : take action and have your name removed on direct mail lists for catalogs , product , or services .
i am concerned about submitting information freely on the internet , because of knowing what others might do with finding it .
we develop strong relationships with our respective suppliers .
policies used for managing it infrastructure are ( largely unique ) in all or almost all of the business units … common across all or almost all of all the major business units )
in your industry , is the adoption of edi helpful in helping your organization to remain competitive ?
Audio - visual.
please rate the relative performance performance of amazon ’ s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these three goals : timeliness of delivery .
it is important to minimize time and select a product .
and the person providing for the dms training appeared to be an expert on this topic .
Approximately how many firms supply the same product(s) as this firm?
i find it easy to get the crm system to do whatever i want it to .
all human human beings are born free , and equal indignity and rights .
the business habits and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with those ones of our channel partners
Ease of access for users to computer facilities via terminals
to your own firm , using of it in the very next 6 months would be : under your firm ' s control - out of your firm ' ' s control .
member firms must consider the character and reliability of other member firms before doing business with them .
very frequently , among the business problems i work on involve answering questions that have never been asked in quite quite that form before .
you rate the effectiveness of the new product development work unit in their frequency of executing test or sample product testing relative to your major competitors .
I am concerned about misuse of my credit card.
Vendors/consultants are pressed to furnish quality data.
Although it might be helpful, using a PWS is certainly not compulsory in my job.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting cloud computing operations of our company now : ability , be self - directed and proactive
most internet retailers and auction sellers were honest .
Reduction in lead time.
I would characterize the vendor as honest.
in this organization , one sees pws on many desks .
knowledge available about the primary functions of the organization is . . . of no practical use / of absolute necessity
during the video demonstration , i was absorbed in the demonstrated activities .
the planning time horizon considered by the methodology is inappropriate .
how do you evaluate measuring your firm ' s performance in applying it to support enhancing an existing consumer products / service ?
use with a pc will increase the opportunity for more meaningful work .
considering all tasks , the general degree to which use of pc could depend on job .
depending on the information provided to you about the web site , do you expect information on this web portal to be informative to your purchase decision ?
how likely is it not that your firm has compatibility with current software that could enable only your firm to use it in the next 6 more months ?
given his teammates previous performance , i see no reason to doubt his competence and preparation for another team .
the information systems / data processing staff kept me fully informed , concerning the progress on and / or problems [ during system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
it is difficult to convince top management to use the methodology .
Other members of our project team have worked very hard on this project.
it was difficult to find a page that i had not previously viewed .
interacting with the electronic mail service is often frustrating
and how knowledgeable are all you about it or business people to contact outside your organization as source sources of information about it ?
the methodology fails to take into account organizational processes and strategies .
sisp output fails properly to outline changes in the reporting and relationships in the is department .
what is your own general knowledge of lan ?
amazon / ebay - is a competent and knowledgeable online auction host / intermediary .
the information is presented in such a timely manner .
knowledge about the various environmental environmental constraints that the business organization operates within ( e . g . government environmental regulation , supplier relationships , competition , etc . ) , is . . . of no use / of absolute necessity
place of work
it does not take a long time for load the front page of the journal .
A Web site that is fun to navigate is … (not important at all/extremely important)
the primary role now of upper level management is to endorse rather than formulate is plans .
using the crc will fit into just my workstyle .
faced with the difficult legal situation which required my to hire a lawyer ( at a fee ) , i would use the firm backing legaladvice . com .
overall , just how much personal influence did you have on this system ?
to what extent could the project executive officer distinguish between effective and ineffective systems development actions in managing the project ?
the personal computer program you work with
the reports provided to the system meet my exact needs .
our software development approach ( es ) are such that they permit a variety of responses to various types for technologies .
my complex work environment often allows me to complete a large number of tasks each day .
using dms in doing my work job will improve my performance ( e . g . , make all my work better ) .
user confidence in information systems
i intend to use the system in the next < release > stage .
before a decision is made , each possible path for action is thoroughly evaluated .
this site clearly showed how i can contact or write through legaladvice . com .
i was threatened by coworkers with newer technology skills .
One of the advantages of shopping on the web is the absence of sales pressure.
Users actively participate in determining system requirements.
compared with your competitors , how does your organization depend on the productivity of your developers for current product lines ?
what is your general knowledge of enterprise and planning ?
how much more are personality conflicts evident in your team ?
user - oriented systems ; who know user operations
using the system is ( unpleasant / not pleasant ) .
highly - satisfied with return on investment .
relevance of the report contents ( to intended function )
With these factors in mind, indicate the attractiveness to you of being a highly effective performer in your current job.
i believe that it was possible for me to critically evaluate the various possible alternatives .
Rate of innovation of new operating processes and new products or services in your principle industry (1=rate has fallen dramatically; 4=no change; 7=rate has dramatically increased).
compared to your competitors , what does your company rate on its speed of response to new customer needs ?
Share a common language in our conversations
effective training programs for users in general , is capabilities
requirements fluctuated quite a lot in later phases of this project .
many believe that their reputation outside of the network is enhanced by their membership within the network .
i am concerned that any information i submit to our companies could be misused .
you rate the effectiveness of your own product development development unit in the following table relative to your major competitors : we promptly make our contributions to the group with attention to care .
i like the way x ’ ' s internet site looks
so knowledgeable are you about your sources of knowledge as source of information about it ?
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus for the team in this outsourcing activity . with regard to outsourced activity , please make the point to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : information technologies that remain more closely associated with this outsourced business activity are likely to be fairly stable in the short term .
data are entered only once , to be retrieved by most applications of our individual customers
using the crm system compares well with the way i used to work
work products , processes , and management services are objectively evaluated against the applicable requirements to ensure that issues arising from these reviews alone are addressed after the cpc solution system was successfully deployed .
i would recommend use of that data set to other colleagues who may be faced with similar ordering systems to the one described in my case .
using this web site would be a pretty good idea .
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the project history (e.g. discussions,insights,work data, documents) readily accessible for reuse.
just using a student information system improves my job performance .
Sellers in Amazon’s auctions are in general reliable.
perhaps if i use a computer i will spend less time on more routine job tasks .
evaluate the openness to share product quality data and collaborative interactions related to product development before the cpc solution was deployed .
Using CHART-MASTER would make it easier to do my job
i do prefer complex problems to simple problems .
to rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the same activities relative with your major competitors : we are successful in learning new things about this group .
information that is pertinent to your purchase or decision is … ( is not important at all / not extremely important )
only booksamillion . com can improve my shopping performance .
A large number of our production goods are custom designed to our specifications.
how often have you participated , in and / or or led in , identifying the cost and benefits of is projects , before they are developed ; preparation of business cases ?
the vendor is interested in my own well - - being , not just its own .
evaluating the best product on this website fits well with the way that i like to help evaluate products in physical stores .
There is a sense of human warmth in the website.
using the computer system in my job increases my productivity .
i use chat - room to talk to people from this community frequently .
generally give sellers the benefit of the trade .
our end - user help desk site is easily accessible .
Using Electronic Mail in my job enables (would enable) me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
our systems development methodology aims to involve end - users in systems development process .
i always felt confident that i will rely upon internet vendors to do their part when i interact with them .
Dr. X has no understanding of why people working under him do what they do.
they gather information about auto insurance policy coverage options .
i frequently dealt with ad hoc , nonroutine business problems .
books count only when the author has written multiple books about one or more areas and / or the books are established as near the top in the field ( 2 ) .
' in terms of system quality , then i would rate - - - highly .
best practices are highly institutionalized .
the system is also compatible with other systems i use .
a vast majority as professional people are competent in their area of expertise .
the ability of all the support service people to keep accurate records i experienced there was ; not very low - very high .
it will be easy enough to operate the equipment in the crc .
the quality of information updatedness i experienced today was ; very low - or very high .
i know where i can go and satisfactorily try out various techniques for a pws .
customer feedback
i don ' t really have adequate opportunities yet to try out some different things on the pws .
the web browser ’ s performance that provides too few clicks to locate information was … ( extremely poor / very good )
for products i can buy online , i need to completely switch over to online marketing .
to be successful in my first job , i must always pretend to care about customers and ’ problems even when i am indifferent .
I like the way X’s Internet site looks
team members know what task - specific skills and knowledge they each have .
in your current job , how important would it really be to you to not be consulted by your direct superior in his / her decisions ?
cio avoids using the is jargon when interacting with tmt members
The vendor is truthful in its dealings with me.
on this site , it was easy to even find the exact information i wanted .
there are many sites where this patented product is available .
organization only is interested in work people do
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I was absorbed intensely in the activity.
pws are not very visible within my organization .
so for me , a service having software that is compatible both with the software which i use is : unimportant - important .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to verify assumptions?
what do you believe is the potential risk for regular internet users due to the possibility that records of transactions could be inadvertently sold to anonymous third parties ?
the web site ’ s role in providing information that was accurate was : ( much lower than i thought / much higher than you thought )
we are comfortable with web - based communication technologies .
the computer security systems now available to me are missing critical data that would be very useful to me in performing my job .
i could complete the job using a software package if i had not used a client for it before .
online companies are always honest with customers when it really comes to using ( the personal information ) services that i would provide .
the available auction listing information is easy to understand
i have a lot of freedom to decide when to perform assigned tasks .
overall , our systems development methodology helps us learn to better manage our systems development projects .
individuals within our is group rely on formal lines of authority when handling important matters .
i think that other members search the archive to found out more about me .
please also rate the effectiveness of using your new product development work unit in the following following activities relative performance to your major competitors : we can successfully integrate our existing knowledge with all the new information and knowledge acquired .
a low percentage of hardware failures and systems downtime
trainer concentrated attention on specific learning points .
importance of activity three years from now : train and educate professional professionals
i would have greater confidence here in the possible explanations provided publicly on such web sites than those offered by an agent .
my job produces strain that makes it difficult to fulfill family social duties .
i would expect the rate , at which the information would be displayed on this website to be fast enough .
please also rate the performance of amazon ’ ' s auction sellers on average based on fulfilling these goals : high - quality products .
Works independently (i.e., minimal reliance on you [customer]) in getting the job done.
to whatever extent did you have confidence or understanding in your project executive regarding his / her general fairness ?
In your industry, is the adoption of EDI helpful in allowing an organization to remain competitive?
level : work pressure and stress i . ( u . g . , updating communication skills , information and work overload , and electronic monitoring ) .
There are a sufficient number of reputable external service-providers who potentially could provide IS facilities and services to our banks
working with pcs is quite complicated , it seems difficult to understand what is going on .
i feel that most internet users are good at what they do .
This Web vendor would not seek to take advantage of me if I purchase this product from it.
and as you indicated yourself earlier , outsourced activity is the primary strategic focus activity of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent , to which you would agree or disagree completely with from the 10 following statements : business processes that are most closely associated with this outsourced is activity are likely to remain fairly stable in the short - term .
There is a norm of teamwork in this team
how much would information systems people / group managers approve of your firm using it for in the next next 6 months ?
i thought about what other things i needed to do to learn
in general , people never do worry about the well - being of others .
please indicate your level of agreement with the following information : “ the project executive had a solid understanding of its systems development processes . ”
online companies would offer me truth and fulfill promises related to ( the information ) provided by me .
information on the skills needs and abilities of network members is readily available .
we will delay decisions until we all are sure that all the alternatives have been evaluated .
additionally it provides adequate information to check the previously ordered items , and their location during the process of ordering the items .
during my very last visit back to booksamillion . com , i was deeply engrossed in the activity .
Importance of activity three years from now: integrate networks
I am dissatisfied with the procedures that our team uses to communicate.
because { subordinate } = software process , { subordinate } is more effective in his / her work .
but based on my own knowledge , skills and abilities , changing to the new way out of my working with the nop system would not be easy for me .
Before a decision is made, each possible course of action is thoroughly evaluated.
my professors probably would think that i should use the crc .
overall , using a crc will be advantageous .
they aid me with my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i identify ( system ) as a ( job type ) is : performance enhancing - performance degrading
given the resources , opportunities and opportunities it has and use each tool ( [ the spreadsheet ] and the calculator ) it would become easier for me to choose [ my spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator during the assignment .
Efficient running of current systems (costs, ease of use, documentation, maintenance)
It provides adequate information to check the ordered items and their location during the process of ordering the items.
it offers various ways to communicate between the customer & the company .
how important is the compatibility with current requirements for your decision regarding the development of it in the next 6 months ?
with respect to the client team and this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate what extent to whom you agree or disagree with the following statements : - it capabilities for the client team are excellent .
we do not find enough time to study and upgrade my technology yet .
the overall operational efficiency of software .
There is a sense of human sensitivity in the website.
to your own firm , using it in the very next next 6 months would be : under your firm ' s control - or out of your firm ' s control .
Business insights are exchanged between us and our other customers
i can have pws applications for any long enough periods to try them all out .
effectiveness in properly performing information requirements analysis .
in the auction or listing , one can find details about products sold and / or services
I expect that my interaction with MDS would be clear and understandable.
it is very important to minimize personal hassle .
as an auction host / intermediary , amazon can now be trusted online at all times .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment of certain tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) , as a ( information technology application type ) is : helpful - unhelpful
the website content is visually pleasing .
) the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is in general , reliable , for people making your next purchase and decision was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
how knowledgeable are you on using my electronic mail ?
starting to use booksamillion . com might be easy for me .
please indicate the extent to date which the following management mechanisms have been developed in your organization to help encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above : library of reusable web resources
Using the system improves my performance in my job.
is insists on error - prone records
At parties or other social gatherings, I do not attempt to do or say things that others will like
Changing this business process does not affect our other processes.
i would find it easy to get chart - master and do what i wanted it to
how likely is it if you will visit the website again in our future ?
for doing this job , what often do you use a microcomputer on a local area network ?
non - inconvenient .
I was totally immersed in addressing this problem.
i thought about what things i really needed to do to learn
There are accuracy problems in the data I use or needed in this exchange.
a supplier understands your business processes in order to satisfy all your needs .
processes used in negotiating and making agreements with it vendors and service provider are ( unique in all or almost all of the businesses units … unique across all or almost all of the business units )
using a pws fits into my own work style .
having a clear clear sequence of hyperlinks would make it much more difficult / easier for even me to get information about this newest product .
however the web site ’ s current performance that it is easy to use was … ( very poor / very good )
all the people on this team get on my nerves .
i would understand the explanations offered me by insurance web sites better , than those provided by an agent .
does your organization implement its most important projects first ?
I am given the necessary support and assistance to change to the new way of working with the NOP system by the company.
If you are a highly effective performer in your current job, the likelihood (probability) that you will be assigned challenging duties that increase your professional competence is...
Expressive? Inexpressive?
companies should take more steps to make increasingly sure that the personal information in their files collected is accurate .
Major price/performance ratio improvements are very likely in our production goods.
there are a sufficient large number of reputable external service - providers who potentially could provide an is facilities and services to help our banks
the information that contains a wide variety of topics is … ( not important at nearly all / extremely important )
quality problems were analyzed to identify problem causes .
what you give up in terms of obtaining my confidential information from online companies is commensurate with what i receive in return from the companies .
Please evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that your NPD work unit faces in your product-market area: There are many competitors in this market.
do you insist that systems are documented as if they are developed directly for review and control purposes rather than just after they are implemented ?
bills on dp for operating costs are reliable .
my family thinks that maybe i should use the internet tv
Increased productivity.
Quality of technical support.
first team orientation
our business strategy and is [MASK] strategy are closely aligned .
and i could only complete the job using a software package if i or could call someone for help if i got stuck .
in essence , information that is important for your purchase decision : … ( not important at all / extremely important )
using a crc will fit into my workstyle .
my website will enhance my effectiveness in getting useful information about this product .
clear , understandable
how likely is it now that you will take steps during the next year to secure yourself a job at a different engineering company ?
using a pws enables me can accomplish tasks more quickly .
In my organization, employees are briefed on the consequences of modifying computerized data in an  unauthorized way.
That it will increase the speed with which we get things done.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to be sensitive to organizational culture/politics
but i have had plenty enough of opportunity to see the pws being used .
I expect to have the money needed to purchase this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days.
the virtual workspace , or repository used by all the team had enabled me to easily interweave notes , chat , e - mail , and documents in to the repository .
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I concentrated fully on the activity.
Importance of why, for what purpose, the company is collecting info from me.
i certainly won ' t be able to use a computer in the crc , when i need it .
companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal data .
we are all contributing fairly to the project .
considering the effort and effort that i have to spend , the time and the new way of dealing with the nop system is worthwhile .
IS employees are always willing to help users
and i could complete all the job using a software package if i still had only the software manuals for reference .
receive substantial annual salary cap increases
we am confident that it will work out well .
In general, sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions have failed to meet their contractual obligations to me during our transactions.
i am totally immersed in addressing this problem .
Be highly respected by top management
as an auction host / intermediary , amazon / ebay accounts can now be trusted at all possible times .
are projects being implemented on a crash basis ?
i would lose quite a lot in my work if i were to switch on to the new way of working with ... the nop system .
understanding some strategic priorities of top management .
for me , being able to have equipment even if it is no one else to show me how to use it is : unimportant - yes .
units used for managing organizations with it outsourcing relationships are ( unique in most or almost all of the business units … distributed across all or nearly all of the business units )
The transaction data transmitted are actually processed by the exchange.
most internet retailers and auction houses are reliable .
using chart - master to enhance my effectiveness on the job
individuals in our is group rarely had informal relations with officials outside our own departments . in our is group , managers of different departments meet frequently to discuss important issues .
after first using this web site , i am … ( very dissatisfied / not very satisfied )
Move around a worksheet using the cursor movement keys (other than just the arrows)?
users of this software differed a great deal from others in the requirements to be met by it .
building a web web site that is fun to navigate is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
Our major suppliers have computer systems in place to quickly respond to our product enquiries.
the level of information reliability as originally expected was ; very low - very high .
unfortunately our group failed to use the electronic meeting system as it probably should have been used .
it is easy for me to remember how to successfully perform these tasks using a pws .
the transaction and data transmitted are actually processed by the exchange .
Things I want to do at home do not get done because of the demands my job puts on me.
I could complete the job using a software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
i find this web site fun to use .
i find it easy to get the system to know what i want it tae do .
This website would be useful in purchasing this product.
I find my experience with this website fun.
disseminating general .
the auction listing ’ s use of fonts , and colors is pleasing
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We can successfully exploit internal and external information and knowledge into concrete applications.
the output plans are not flexible enough to take into real account unanticipated changes in both the production organization and its environment .
I find this website useful.
Learning to use this web site would be easy for me.
how likely is it that your firm has what it will take to get your current office " up top speed " and could enable your firm to use it in the next 6 months ?
my work also allows me to complete work in a timely and timely manner .
it is difficult to secure top management commitment needed for implementing the plan .
various tools provided by the site help me develop an online merchant for the product .
The telecommunications technology used for the software.
" my interaction history with booksamillion . com is clear and understandable .
pursue new ideas
i find the crm system easy tae use
I received excellent service from sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace in the past.
please indicate how valuable the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the core needs for your company three years from now : network
it would also take a lot of personal time and considerable effort to switch to the new way of working with the nop system .
about how much time did you spend solving these particular problems ?
Member firms share a sense of common destiny.
i was satisfied with increasing the number of sites where i personally could buy this product .
The Web site’s performance that has a simple layout for its contents was… (very poor/very good)
it also is more difficult to do my job effectively because some of all the data i need is also not available .
Changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would increase my productivity than working in the current way.
this business process was unique to our firm .
facebook is has employees who give users personal attention
considering the hassle that i have to face , the exposure to the new way of working with the nop staff was beneficial to me .
the installation was used for the software .
i think x ’ ' s internet site is very exciting
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: operating systems: mainframes
to what extent does your ess enable you and broaden your outlook ?
Overall control exercised over the project.
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on the productivity of software developers for current product lines?
Convenient - inconvenient.
shopping from x ’ the internet site makes my life easier
In your private life, how important is respect for tradition?
not working with a pc is fun
this seller is likely not to be reliable .
member firms must share a sense of common destiny .
my job keeps me away . my family too much .
how likely is it that your firm has compatibility to current software that could enable your firm could install it in the next 6 months ?
concern exists for users of the implementation staff
overall the benefits of this system for the organization are : nothing at all - very much .
evaluate the cost of overall product development before a cpc solution was released .
compared to your competitors , and how does your customer organization rate on the overall efficiency of software production for current product lines ?
the images used in this website are interesting .
this web vendor would not be honest in all its dealings when i purchase this product from it .
i have the resources and the knowledge and the ability possible to make use of within the crc .
how do you feel about your overall positive experience of the purchase through this official website : very very frustrated - very contented .
Damage to customer relationships.
monitoring of internal and business needs and the capability of is to meet with those needs .
I have the resources, knowledge, and ability to use the Internet TV
it was more difficult to customize software to handle one set of users without reducing support to other users .
i see no need to doubt my teammates ' competence in preparation for the job .
Overall cost-effectiveness of information systems
information that is sufficient for your purchase your decision is … ( not important at all / extremely not important )
rate measure of innovation rate of using new operating processes and new new products or services in your principle industry ( 1 = rate has fallen dramatically ; 4 = no percentage change ; 7 = rate has dramatically increased ) .
The tools provided by the site facilitates the ordering process.
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result and of our interactions with this key business and partner : increased productivity
i usually trust my sellers unless they give me for a reason not to trust them .
its quality and the promptness of the support service i originally expected varied ; very low - very high .
The tools provided by the site help me monitor how  I am using the product.
ease of use of ;
to what extent does the ess enable you to use your insight in the business ?
Companies seeking information online should disclose the way the data are collected, processed, and used.
Network membership is designed to enhance the reputation of member firms.
knowledge about a few key factors that must be wrong if the organization is to succeed . extremely low / extremely high .
I like using this website
IS has operating hours convenient to all its users
steps that the administration ( including your department head , dean , staff and university administration ) have taken are to improve the computing facilities
" our group ’ s use of the new ems is faithful to its original design .
Completeness of training provided to users.
we periodically simplify the existing code .
how likely is it that you will be working at virtually the same company this time next school year ?
but my decision not to participate in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions is risky .
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be easy to comprehend?
cio avoids using is jargon when interacting with tmt .
it increased my ability to process facts .
exchanged for initial drafts .
prior to the enterprise network planning implementation , our employees and general had extensive experience in using computer network applications in their work processes .
The organization has standard practices to support its product integration strategy for developing and integrating components, and delivering the product to the customer before the CPC solution was deployed.
also maintaining a mutual working understanding with top management on the role of is in supporting strategy .
With respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client team members frequently update their technical skills.
I could complete the job using a word processing package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
a specific person ( or group ) being referred for assistance with system difficulties .
the web site ’ s average performance in providing information about that is accurate was … ( much lower score than you thought / not much higher than you thought )
In general, sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions have fulfilled the most important contractual obligations to me during our transactions. (reverse)
we did not use the electronic meeting system for the most efficient fashion .
employees will give prompt answering service to users
How much would suppliers/vendors approve of your firm using IT in the next 6 months?
please also rate the effectiveness , by which of your new product development work unit uses the adequacy of it tools ( e . g . , application and desktop sharing ) for simultaneously working together and in near real time in the new product / development process .
overall , i am happy working with x ’ s prices
sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions are mixed in and general competent .
cio avoids using is jargon when interacting directly with tmt members
there are many markets where this product is available .
my experience with this website was unpleasant / pleasant .
the tools provided on the site ensure i get the product .
i presently intend to receive electronic mail regularly .
i am concerned that all the confidential information i submit on the internet could be misused .
the business action plan my team developed would help convince prospective clients to hire our new consulting firm .
How important is the  compatibility with current software for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months?
the rating of the web site that is general , is user - friendly : … ( much lower than you expected / much higher than you thought )
i feel safe in my transactions with the grocery store .
i am familiar with buying new products from this site .
receive a second promotion with the next year or two
i am doing more than my share of the work with the team .
the virtual workspace or system developed by the team enabled me to easily allow different people to find summaries and well as details in the project .
we have increased all of it expenses .
crc will is of no benefit to me .
is [MASK] has the users ’ best interests at heart
compared to your competitors , how would your organization depend on growth rate ?
is highly satisfied with sales growth rate .
but it was a difficult process .
for become members of this network , candidate members must be known to , or have a prior relationship with , existing members .
other team members participate in project planning .
the systems development methodology enables us to learn from our systems development experience .
Important decisions made by individuals
leaders of this society think that it is wrong to fork a project .
they like the ease of comparison shopping .
if i use just a computer i will spend less more time on routine job tasks .
your firm using on it within the next about 6 months would be : foolish - wise .
this website is helpful for me to evaluate about the product .
use of a pc will increase the level of challenge placed on my current job .
The performance of the Web site that is easy to use was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
we periodically simplify existing source code .
it is easy for me who remember how to complete tasks using a pws .
the disadvantages to my being a pws far outweigh the advantages .
" i expect that mds software would be available to use whenever i need it .
team members have developed effective plans and procedures used to coordinate work .
i would trust the recommendation of such medical sites more and the recommendation of an agent in regard to the appropriate level of coverage for human needs .
was highly satisfied with cash flow .
i am motivated and learn the training material in this class .
we maintain close relationships with all the contractors .
Integrated processes exist to ensure that product life-cycle processes are identified and planned concurrently with design after the CPC solution was deployed.
damage of customer relationships .
in managing your private life , how important is personal steadiness and social stability ?
Our company provides  enterprise resource planning  training opportunities to employees on a regular basis.
the is department i work in emphasizes human resources . high tech was important .
members of the this group believe in helping others .
PCs make work more interesting
with respect presented to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to which you will agree or disagree with in the following following statements : that the vendor team is interested only in the client team ’ s own well - being , not just their own .
i am often on the lookout for new brands or brands which may add to my personal uniqueness .
I feel pressured.
be highly respected by senior management
historical significance
do newly developed systems work the way a user expected them to ?
is provides its services at all times and promises to do so
approximately what percent of all companies in your industry use edi for purchasing ?
in general , most people keep their promises .
selecting digital cameras as the virtual advisor required too much effort
i actually think online shopping can address the specific needs of each customer .
reduce time to market of our energy products .
using the exact card system increases both the productivity of me and my support staff .
this web vendor will be competent in providing detailed information about this product .
are systems under development and resources constantly shifted to respond to crisis situations facing the organization ?
The effectiveness of computer services staff
It was difficult to find a page that I had previously viewed.
They will provide their services at the times they promise to do so
workers need a deeper understanding of our firm and customers to become effective in managing this business process .
In my organization, employees are briefed on the consequences of accessing computer systems that they are not authorized to use.
the underlying technology used for the software .
reduction in production - goods - costs .
but please indicate how very important the following following is knowledge or skills are required in supporting the computing needs of your company three hundred years from now : ability to work cooperatively in a one - one - one and a project team environment
our major suppliers have computer information systems in place to quickly better respond to our product enquiries .
A close family member of Doug Watson is also an architect.  During a holiday family get together, the family ember comes to know about the software and asks to make a copy of the software.  Doug Watson lets him make a copy of the software.
please indicate how important the following business knowledge or services are in supporting the specific needs of your company three years from now : ability to be self - directed , proactive
' how satisfied were you with your team ’ s process ?
Participating in community-based partnership to address site or area-specific community needs.
solves problems with no involvement from you ( customer ) .
i do need some data on the up - to - the - minute status updates of operations or events but i cannot get it .
i have had plenty the opportunity to see the pws being destroyed .
using this website will increase my shopping productivity .
overall .
for example me , this is the best example of all possible organizations for which to work .
instructions on using equipment in the crc will be expected to follow .
Importance of activity now: train and educate IS professionals
using mds would help me accomplish much more quickly .
invests time in developing a business relationship with you ( customer ) .
projects usually have budgeted costs
i intend to use dms for some of my job responsibilities .
Using the CRM system is different from other experiences I have had
performance on this task is dependent on receiving more accurate information from others .
it would be easy for you me to have become skillful at using this web site .
i was busy or rushed .
the statistical methodology fails to take into account changes in the organization seen during sisp .
After using the Web site, information that you obtained made you …(disappointed/delighted)
actors ' feelings of participation in project .
reliability characteristics of output
increasing access to technologies and skilled personnel .
To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: inaccurate-accurate
public data security and privacy
my current car insurance agent is very knowledgeable about car insurance policies .
legaladvice . com is sincere , and genuine .
the basic database technology used for the software .
a service that is advantageous for : bad - good .
based on all the reports provided to inform you about the web site , do you expect that the web site is responsive to your next request ?
our system development methodology helps to get our systems development projects under control .
amount of .
to what great extent does the ess enable you to justify decisions ?
in general , sellers involved in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions have done quite a good job out of meeting their contractual obligations to me during our auction transactions . ( in reverse )
expanding market for new product / service
knowledge about the environmental constraints that the organization fights against ( e . g . , policies , supplier relationships , competition , etc . ) . extremely low / extremely high .
CIO and TMT members:
in your experience , how frequently are subordinates afraid to express their disagreement even with their superiors ?
please rate the effectiveness of your specific product or business unit in your following activities relative to your major competitors : we ensure that the output of our work is of a quality useful to others if needed ( the right or at the right time ) .
core banking systems ( ; i . e . , demand deposit , savings , certificate system of final deposit ) : exclusively internal - exclusively external
amazon . com enhances my skill in cd shopping .
reduced the need for cash - on - second hand ( “ float ” ) .
it bothers me to give personal information to so so many companies .
I have a set routine for using the ESS.
Using a PC takes too much time from my normal duties.
if you have some highly effective performer at your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you will have a future job security is . . .
i intend to use the system in only the two next < n > months .
The attitude of the support service people I originally expected was ; very low-very high.
I sometimes have to buck a rule or policy in order to carry out an assignment.
and it therefore is easy for me to observe others using pws in my firm .
and overall , our systems development methodology helps us to better manage our systems development projects .
how very certain are of your plans to use it within the next 6 months ?
our systems development methodology also helps to reuse the earlier requirements , designs and code during systems development .
non - imprecise .
my typical approach is to trust sellers until after they prove i should not trust in them .
i would be happy to actually spend almost the rest of my career in this organization .
overall operational efficiency of the software .
where necessary , members of this team try to simplify existing design without compromise its functionality .
member firms have benefited from research skills / expertise of other members .
use the pull - down black bar to work with wordperfect ?
and the quality of the promptness of doing the support service i experienced was ; very low - and very high .
but for me , saving money within the next 30 days is important .
shopping online on the web saves time .
I would trust the validity of quotes provided by the web more than those provided by an agent.
the most primary focus area of is planning is controlling cost through extensive budgeting .
relative to other big is projects , how did your relatively recently completed project rate on time of operations ?
the methodology fails to take directly into account legal and environmental issues .
No involvement. Users are unwilling or not invited to participate.
the behavior model of is employees instills confidence in users
compared to its competitors , how does your organization improve on the efficiency in software production for current product lines ?
sellers represented in amazon ’ s auctions are in general trustworthy .
We sacrifice current profitability to gain market share.
sisp output fails to provide priorities for some specific databases .
sisp output fails to provide a complete statement of organizational performance objectives for the is department .
Importance of activity three years from now: support end-user computing (e.g., info, center, hot line)
top management involvement in research and monitoring is policies
projects usually overrun budgeted .
sometimes i am afraid the data processing department will lose my precious data .
indicate your level of knowledge about the current hardware ( i . t . , computers , communication networks ) assets of your business interests ?
easy to ;
i would be willing . provide information like the name , address , and phone number from legaladvice . com .
I am creative when I interact with the World-Wide Web
for this adjective , you circle the word that best matches a description of yourself when i work with microcomputers : uninventive
the website is visually visually appealing .
the defense contractors have been frank in dealing with us .
- - - provides me again with the most recent information .
training : programs available to you to learn about computing
The information provided during the DMS training session was persuasive.
our is group that uses temporary teams in resolving problems that arise .
i ( dislike / dislike ) the idea of leaving the crc .
As an auction host/intermediary, Amazon has high integrity.
we feel that most food vendors would act in a customers ’ best interest .
please rate on the overall effectiveness of your new product and development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we ensure you that the output of all our work is of a quality form useful to others when needed ( the right thing at the right manufacturing time ) .
For me, this is the best of all possible organizations for which to work.
legaladvice . it is competent and effective at providing legal advice .
the online store had answers to all the questions about the product .
Team members in my distributed team are willing to help if you need it.
i feel emotionally emotionally drained from my work .
using the crm system it runs counter to my values about how to conduct my next job
please rate the effectiveness with which a new product development support unit uses the effectiveness or information technology tools for capturing , compiling , or coding relevant information ( product / engineering data ) .
how can you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to your creating the products / services ?
Changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would improve the quality of the work I do than working in the current way.
we are usually the first ones , to introduce various products and / or services offered in the market .
but to your competitors , how is your organization rate on efficiency of operations ?
using an exact card system is clear and understandable to me and my staff .
its web interface is helpful in familiarizing me with the product .
the new site ’ s performance that in general , is user - friendly . … ( very poor / very poor )
I have the resources and the knowledge and the ability to make use of the CRC.
i expect the general layout of this website to be intuitive .
it is easy to learn the steps to actually use the system .
performance standards have been established for .
- improving of new systems . ( with respect o time , cost , quality , disruptions )
companies should have better procedures designed to correct errors in personal information .
as for this adjective , please circle by the odd number that best matches a description of yourself , when you interact with microcomputers : unimaginative
" learning how to get information about this product from this website would be quite easy .
My work environment allows me to improve my overall work performance.
How would you rate the information exchanged with (partner company) in terms of its timeliness, compared with information exchanged  with other similar partners?
Please rate your personal knowledge about Computer Aided Software Technology (CASE).
but i am able to experiment with the pws as necessary .
In our relationship with (partner company), we share information with each other that is not available from other sources.
also please indicate just how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company , now : decision support systems
the systems development methodology helps to improve the functionality of new applications .
information that is valuable to your purchase decision . … ( not important at first / extremely important )
i was likely to make another purchase from this site within the next year .
i intend not to continue using this system to coordinate with others .
using this website improved my performance in online shopping .
people on this research team answer to each other ' s questions in a timely manner .
my friends probably would think that i should use the crc .
what is your general idea of e - mail ?
i am concerned that the information i submit on the public internet could not be misused .
what is your own general knowledge of project management practices ?
guidance is available to help me in the selection of hardware and software .
this section pertains to the usage of requirements documentation provided by the client in this outsourcing business arrangement . but please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with from the following requirements statements : the client provides feedback relating to the vendor team agreeing on exactly the extent to which the vendor team meets with the client requirements as is specified in the requirement documentation .
highly consistent with cash flow .
i have the resources and the knowledge and the ability to get use of a crc .
commercial loan systems : exclusively ; internal - exclusively external
using - - - is ( not very enjoyable / very enjoyable )
adequacy of the technical support during is implementation .
user interface in systems
people i work closely with think i should use the internet tv
The actual process of using the system is pleasant.
i am familiar with searching for important items on this site .
training programs available to you to learn in computing
staff and productivity .
my other relatives think that i should use the internet tv
but i am likely to use all the system in the next < n > months .
Intuition Feeling (NF)
it is convenient to make claims when claiming there are problems inherent in the delivered goods and services .
a proper on - the - job tryout with possible various uses for the pws is not possible .
Our systems development methodology helps to align the system to be developed with the business.
using such an electronic meeting system increases [ would probably increase ] the productivity of groups i work with .
Positive attitude of IS personnel toward users
The programming language used for coding the software.
i do things which are apt to be accepted by one , and not accepted by others .
in your relationship , ( partner ? ) what percentage of delivery procedures were developed to suit each other ’ s needs ?
the web site ’ s good performance in providing information that is accurate when was … ( = very poor / very good )
The tools provided by the site help me replace my product if I need another product.
Using the system is a (foolish/wise) idea.
i would recommend this training exercise to others .
to what extent do we suppose that the response you received from your project executive was : incomplete - complete
my interaction with watching the internet tv is clear and understandable
we predict i would use the system over the next < n > months .
cost of its software operations .
my group ’ s use of digital ems probably differs considerably with the role for which it was originally designed .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus area of your team in implementing this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the specific extent to which activity you agree or disagree completely with in the following statements : this outsourced is an activity is quite routine , and repetitive .
attitude of edp , staff
for me , being able a print for such high price is : unimportant - important .
using a pws is compatible with all parts of my work .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills required in supporting any computing needs of your company now : decision support .
it was our performance .
i feel safe in my transactions and with this auction seller
i find the system to find easy to use .
Our systems development methodology provides useful guidelines for conducting systems development.
what is your general knowledge of a personal computer ?
the exchange of data at an unprecedented level of detail for my purposes .
does the student information system provide the precise information you will need ?
using this web site would be a very foolish idea .
in general , this business partner is knowledgeable about their local industry and its business operations
but getting authorization to personally access data that would be useful in my job is time consuming and difficult .
The data is up-to-date enough for my purposes.
how much weight could the project executive ’ s recommendation have in a decision that could affect your professional standing ?
changes in the criteria used to determine the relevant status of different species in the category .
Completes the job with minimal disruption to your (customer’s) operations.
municipal autonomy
" how would you describe your own group ’ s problem solving process ? satisfying / dissatisfying
dr . x has a real interest in the welfare and social welfare among those who work under him .
i am concerned about threats to my personal personal privacy today .
it was rare for me to observe others using pws in my firm .
i would find chart - making master easy to use
It is easy for me to remember how to perform tasks using the electronic mail
learning to operate an online ems is [ would be ] easy enough for groups i work with .
what is your general knowledge of acquisition of these packages ?
i generally have faith in all humanity .
CIO avoids using IS jargon when interacting with TMT members
There was a clearly known way to convert user needs to requirements specifications.
the developers of electronic mass meeting system would disagree with us how our group used the system .
dealing with ... others
please indicate here how important the following following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years away from now : use a specific programming language
on this team we can talk freely with each other about the difficulties we are currently having and know that others will still want to listen .
member firms share accepted ways of conducting business .
but i would trust in the recommendation of such web sites more than the recommendation needed of an agent with regard to the appropriate level level of coverage for my needs .
by making complaints mainly about unsatisfactory services , in the long run the quality assurance of services provided will improve .
adequacy of services provided .
the contractors have been very frank in dealing with us .
it is very important to me that i am responsible and knowledgeable about when my personal resources will be used .
how likely is it that your firm intends to use it within those following 6 months ?
this section pertains to the usage of system test testing in this outsourcing arrangement . system test testing ( including system demos ) refers to the formal or informal assessment of the quality of the deliverables and adherence to the established industry technical standards . please , indicate the full extent to which you agree or disagree with the following technical statements : - the client provides feedback to the vendor team on handling the results analysis of system test testing .
provides fast turnaround to your ( supplier ' s ) requests .
i ( dislike / like ) the experience of using the system .
but to what extent are unit tests run by this team ?
please rate the performance of amazon ’ and auction sellers on amazon by fulfilling these goals : timeliness of delivery .
non - nontechnical .
using enterprise resource planning in our system created a disruption in the market at first .
legaladvice . com would keep its name .
How would you rate this design team on the ability to communicate with one another during requirements definition?
the present opportunity to extend my range of abilities is important to me
Builds buffer into contract to accommodate scope changes.
The demands of my work interfere with my home and family life.
we develop strong relationships with the customers .
i would find it more convenient to purchase the property via the web than through an agent .
all things considered , using the system is a ineffective idea for effective practice .
does the student information system have errors in the program that you can work with ?
The information provided by --- is accurate.
Please evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that your NPD work unit faces in your product-market area: New product introductions are very frequent in this market.
my relatives think that i must use the internet tv
All recognized IS related journal publications count.
people ’ their private life is their own business
most parts of our software applications work seamlessly across our channel partners
the quality and the response time i experienced was ; very low - very high .
the impact of using the exact card system was apparent to my friends and me .
- - - is easy to learn .
it is important to assure an easy net return process .
the video demonstration held her attention .
implementation process , the manner in which the computer system was introduced fully into your agency by the implementation management staff
please rate the performance of your initial product development work unit relative to your expected increase in overall development costs .
in general , information that covers a broad scope for your initial purchase or decision is … ( not very important at all / extremely important )
- - - provides me immediately with the most recent information .
Our business partner performs all of their roles very well
Extent to which you exchange information related to market demand trends and forecasts with (partner company).
i have formed a favorable impression toward the specimen that we ’ ve just examined .
the methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about its structure .
this new business partner keeps their commitments
and improved quality of decision making .
there i gained a good understanding of the “ community - first a ” concept .
the quality of information completeness that i originally had expected was ; very low - very high .
what would you feel about your overall experience after the purchase through this website : very dissatisfied - very satisfied .
if i required his help , the vendor would do its very best to help me .
but please indicate how historically important the section following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : basic structured programming / case methods or tools
Our computer systems are too inflexible to be able to respond to my changing needs for data.
the information provided by - - - are accurate .
i am uninventive when people interact with the world - changing web
importance of networks now : integrate networks
it is easy simply to remember the following business address ( url : domain address ) .
my typical ethical approach is to trust sellers until they can prove i should not trust them .
processes used for identifying and recruiting it talent . ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across all to almost all of the engineering divisions )
we have invested a substantial amount out of our time and money in edi ( electronic data interchange ) communication technologies .
I would use websites with similar characteristics to those of this website in the future.
i could complete my job using a word processing package if someone else had let me get started .
i was trying to explain as much as i can about frontpage from this session
this virtual advisor has constrained my choice of possible approaches it i can use to generate recommendations
the initial cost of product design and prototyping before the cpc solution was deployed .
using the internet tv improves overall my productivity for communication and information search
quality standards and policy are understood within the department .
transfers know - how from the product or service to the ( customer ) .
i could easily complete the job by using a spreadsheet package if someone showed me how to actually do it first .
How likely is it that your firm has the time it takes to implement it that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months?
depressed ? inexpressive ?
evaluated the initial drafts .
difficult ? how easy ?
The information provided by --- well laid out.
I have the resources necessary to use the system.
This site is trustworthy.
Effectiveness in performing information requirements analysis.
using a pws gave me greater control over my work .
i could complete the job using a word processing package if i really had had just the right built - in help facility for assistance .
what is with your general knowledge of imagery technology ?
we feel pressured .
i would be happy to share some specifics of my legal issue with legaladvice . org .
Using electronic mail reduces the time I spend on unproductive activities
a final output document is not very useful .
once the training period is done , i won ’ t see much need to continue to use a smart card payment system for my system .
i really will probably look for a job interview at a different company in the next year .
Level of work pressure and stress I face (e.g., updating IT skills, information and work overload, and electronic monitoring).
I was absorbed intensely – not absorbed intensely.
right now , and to what extent do you feel ashamed ?
perhaps i could complete the job using only a word processing package if i had seen of someone else using it before trying it myself
decrease of market share .
at the moment when your organization is first encouraged to adopt edi , approximately what percentage of purchases ( dollar value ) were from this firm ?
the auction listing information is easy for understand
there was a clearly known way , to convert user needs to the requirements specifications .
i still am satisfied with the accuracy of the system .
one = many
people ' s perception of it ' s importance to the firm
involvement by weak users . users have " sign - on " responsibility at each stage in the system development process .
the senior project manager often goes out of his or her way to consult with other team members and to further seek their ideas and advice .
convenience . access .
This section pertains to the usage of project plans in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Performance appraisal of the vendor team by the client team is dependent, in part, on the extent to which the vendor team follows the project plan.
my team works together more than most teams on which we have worked .
how strong an approach is the business taking it to realizing benefits ?
however the performance of the web site showed that in more general , provides good access was highly … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
common view about the prioritization of is - investments
how certain days are your plans to use it within the next 6 - months ?
the selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor was too complex
the methodology fails to take directly into account issues related to plan implementation .
for me , learning how to buy products easily from a local vendor is important .
the tools provided on the site help me monitor how i are using the product .
Work products, processes, and services are objectively evaluated against the applicable requirements to ensure that issues arising from these reviews are addressed after the CPC solution was deployed.
computers do not scare me now at all .
reading this web site would be unpleasant .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to support enhancing supplier linkages?
using booksamillion . i can increase my shopping effectiveness .
Use of a PC will increase the level of challenge on my job.
for like me , this organization is the best of all possible organizations for which to work .
i always speak seriously of organization and job
this is [ would be ] easy for groups i work with and become skillful at using an integrated meeting system .
i find the ( task - related ) portions of ( 5 ) easy for use .
The performance of the Web site that in general, is easy to navigate was …(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
ceo ' s voice prevailing thinking about it spending
the system is subject to frequent system problems and crashes .
our group reached mutual understanding on how we should use of the electronic meeting system to perform all our task .
this was difficult to customize software to a set of users without reducing support to other users .
good feeling ( nf )
firms consider it important to fulfill their obligations to other members and maintain their presence within the network .
projects which offer significant performance improvement through improved operational efficiencies .
a specific person ( or group ) is available online for practical assistance with hardware difficulties .
many techniques such as quality function deployment are needed to translate user requirements into design .
amount fraction of time required of me to learn to use the software / security system at work .
supplier understands your business processes in order to satisfy , your needs .
being able to get a very real feel for a product here would make it very much more difficult / easier for me to purchase this product from this web site vendor .
the quality and information accessibility he experienced was ; very low - very high .
the tools provided by the site has all of the functions necessary to order the product .
this business also keeps their commitments
what important is financial cost for your firm regarding the use of it in the next few months ?
I often perform work for two or more parties who operate quite differently.
please rate the performance of all your new product development work per unit relative to your major competitors in major innovations in their products as a whole .
i believe that employee computing activities are monitored by my parent organization .
' generally speaking , i want me to do what my professors think i should do .
Improved access to suppliers’ price and product descriptions.
I formally reviewed work done by Information Systems/Data Processing staff [during system definition/ during physical design/during implementation].
the information provided during the dms [MASK] session was informative .
i would buy pirated software if my cost of this software were too high .
companies should never sell the same data in their computer databases to other companies .
this also allows me to review a product .
learning to operate the credit card system was easy with me and my staff .
The degree that Internet usage has been promoted by support from suppliers
Easy to Become Skillful
i have the resources and the knowledge and your ability to get use of the crc .
It is easy for me to shop online.
there is a sense of teamwork in this team
the price information in this auction listing is not precise
the senior management of our firm actively established goals , and standards to monitor the enterprise resource and planning project .
after using this free web site , i am very … ( very displeased / very pleased )
- - - piece together information that used to come from other places in the company .
the quality of information availability they originally expected was ; very low - very weak .
the virtual workspace or repository used by both the team enabled me to easily allow many different people to find summaries as well well as details included in the repository .
bills and dp operating costs are meaningful .
the bond that holds the entire department i work in together is loyalty to tradition . commitment to that is department i work in runs high .
please rate on the effectiveness of your new international product development work unit in the following activities relative to all your major competitors : product management effectively administers relevant tasks and functions .
firms believe that the large size of the membership network makes it easy to know about the competencies and activities of other members .
to what extent do i believe that this communication we provided to your project executive regarding the project status was : inadequate - adequate .
importance of activity now : we support end - user computing ( e . , g . , info , center , hot - line )
using the crc is entirely still within my control .
running this website enables me to accomplish a shopping task more quickly than at traditional stores .
i had enough because of the demonstrated computer skills .
if i use a computer i will certainly be less reliant on the clerical support staff .
relative compared to other comparable is projects , how did your most recently completed project receive rate on quality of the produced work ?
the following questions ask you about how you would characterize yourself as when you use computers : flexible
Our team does not take time to combine various units of code as they are developed.
i could complete the job using only a spreadsheet package if someone showed to me how to not do it first .
Those who formulate strategic IS plans are most responsible for their implementation.
It is difficult to find team members who meet the criteria specified by the methodology.
i could complete this job using a software package if it had just the built - in help system for assistance .
our current systems development methodology helps to improve the quality of the systems .
how excited are you about the it strategies in your business unit ?
On average, please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of timeliness of product delivery.
i could complete the job using a software program if someone showed me how to complete it first .
members of this group believe that with enough people working on a project , any bug will get quickly found and eliminated .
once the trial period is over , i will recommend that my fellow coffee merchants get a smart card and payment system system .
Major manufacturing innovations are very likely in our production goods.
The Web site’s performance that is responsive to your request was… (very poor/very good)
This business partner keeps their commitments
it might be easy on me to become skillful at using chart - master
how knowledgeable are all you about it or business people to contact within , your organization , as source of information about it ?
I use the ESS to see what's new.
The attitude of computer services staff
if i could , i would like to continue my use of using the name www .
even if you are a highly effective performer in your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that someday you someday will have good future for job security is . . .
and to what extent , do you at present intend to use electronic mail regularly ?
if software that would meet user needs .
commonly recognized is related journal publications count .
the web site ' s performance in using information that is clear in meaning was … ( much lower than we thought / much higher than we thought )
overall , i find using a pws to be advantageous in any situation .
i have had just plenty of opportunity to see the pws system being used .
How important is the training it would take to get your current employees "up to speed" for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months?
a service that will improve my grades is : ( good / bad ) .
based solely on all the reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect that the web site is well - organized ?
i am concerned that any information i submit on my internet could be misused .
defines precisely the responsibilities of each contracting party .
Our organization believes this business partner would act in our best interest
a large majority of professional people are competent in their area or specialization .
there is is therefore a high potential for loss involved in participating in amazon / ebay auctions .
assessing the strategic importance of digital technologies .
steps of the administration ( including your department head , dean , and general administration ) have taken to improve campus facilities
specify the extent at which you would get ( the information ) through the internet : not self - probable .
specialized instruction concerning using the popular software is available to me .
there will not be just a noticeable lack of confidence among those i will work with .
please evaluate the current level of knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive in how to positively identify relevant emerging market it for supporting your firm ’ s products , successfully markets business strategies , and develops business processes .
involvement by doing . a user is a design team member , or is the official " director " of the information systems design group .
Dr. X is willing to listen to work-related problems.
with what extent have the business areas been involved in the creation and the business case ?
The CRC will be of no benefit to me.
i will probably look for another job at a different place in the next year .
i did not have to spend too much effort to finish my transaction .
Books count only if they contain new research contributions.
It bothers me to give personal information to so many  people.
working in partner company has helped you better understand the important roles of channel players .
i would intend to never use this web site .
compared to google basic : improves my performance in web querying .
All the personal information in computer databases should be double-checked for accuracy-no matter how much this costs.
using - - - enhances my effectiveness on finishing the job .
to what extent does an ess allow you to re - orient your thinking ?
How often is the external information that you have on hand at the beginning of a task adequate to complete the task?
information on the skills and abilities for network members is readily available .
importance of activity - three years from now : manage / plan corporate strategy is strategies , strategic applications , and technology architecture
to what extent did you believe that the communication you provided to the chief executive regarding the project status was : inadequate - adequate .
are projects listed in order of payoff potential ?
Highly satisfied with return on sales.
but the crc is entirely within my control .
work on professionally important ;
using this free web site would be a good idea .
data on dp operating costs are meaningful .
i did believe that legaladvice . com would act perfectly in my best interest .
the team is dealing with the nonroutine problem .
The computing labs that you use
How likely are you, within the next three years to: take action to have your name removed from direct mail lists for catalogs, product, or services.
organizational technical and support infrastructure services are available here to help me in case of problems .
in your job , just how important would it be to you to not have a good working relationship relationship with your direct superior ?
the web site ’ s overall performance in providing information that is more accurate online was … ( much lower than than you thought / much higher than you thought )
right now staying with all my organization is a matter of necessity - as much as desire .
i could complete the job using just a spreadsheet software package if i had used just the built - in help facility for assistance .
we require ( or expect to have ) independent monitoring of the vendor to ensure smooth execution of this business model .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: lower operating costs
I expect to use the system in the next <n> months.
How would you rate the information exchanged with (partner company) in terms of its completeness, compared with information exchanged with other similar partners?
i can always better rely on legaladvice . com in a very tough legal situation .
i am confident that it will work all out well .
on average , please indicate the extent to which , and only the average percent of which , the test data consists of reused components .
effective training programs for users of general is capabilities
Importance of activity now: support existing portfolio of applications
in our is planning process we encourage creativity and idea generation , over creative control .
the extent to which this community exists helps you to generate ideas .
in general , sellers in christie ' s / ebay ’ s auctions always fulfilled the most important contractual obligation to me during our transactions . ( reverse )
how closely do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance and in applying it to support companies creating new products / services ?
do , you insist that the detailed systems design report should be formally approved by the manager of the operating function involved before the programming begins ?
how frequently are there conflicts about ideas in developing your team ?
It is important to minimize product cost.
the telecommunications were used for the software .
what is your general concept of electronic data interchange ?
good ? why bad ?
i like it easy to get the system to do what i want it to doing .
adequacy of training was provided .
this website is helpful in familiarizing people with the product .
i find a student information system useful based on my job .
i feel fatigued . i get up in the morning and have to face another attack on my job .
has reduced communication cost .
Team building and group dynamics training are given to IS personnel.
I am not sure the decision reached for the appraisal task was appropriate.
if we decide to terminate inhouse is [MASK] , there are other external services - providers who could provide us with the same level of basic facilities and ;
how dependent was the successful completion of work on the skills and experience for specific team members ?
Right now, to what extent do you feel nervous?
our main competitors who have adopted enterprise strategic planning are favorably perceived by their staff and customers .
please indicate how important this following is , or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability can accomplish assignments
how would you rate this design based on their reputation of work excellence during requirements definition ?
existing procedures and guidelines hinder the individuals in our is [MASK] group from trying out new ideas .
the product and service provided by this website was different than anything i had expected .
level of the intellectual skills required of me to learn to actively use the software / system or interpret the relevant information it generates .
above leadership performance standards . ( above most standards ? above most standards )
the is is not vital to our organization .
legaladvice . com was interested in my well - being , if just its own .
i like and minimize travel for purchase .
even if i ' m truly enjoying myself , i often pretend to be having a good .
I believe I have the ability to summarize numeric information using a spreadsheet.
the information here - - - is always up to date .
in our relationship with ( partner company ) both sides are willing and make significant changes .
was it necessary for redesign and / or re - program projects within three years of the time they become operational ?
my boss does not require me to use the pws .
The quality of the reliability of the support service I originally expected was; very low-very high.
Most of our software applications work seamlessly across our channel partners
there are times when supposedly equivalent evidence from widely different sources is inconsistent .
i regularly focus on the specific information contained in the ess .
i would certainly have ( and much more / much less ) control over using [ the spreadsheet ] for the assignment than [ over using ] my calculator .
achieving a general level of agreement regarding understanding the risks / tradeoffs among operating system projects .
Overall, our systems development methodology helps to make users more satisfied with our systems.
it would be able to use the equipment from the crc even if there was no one around would teach me how to use it .
some people in my organization who use a pws might have a high profile .
so approximately how many firms can supply the same product ( s ) as this firm ?
the quality and the reliability of the support system i experienced was ; very low - very high .
Once the trial period is over, I will be interested in continuing to use a smart card payment system in my business.
evaluate the frequency of collaborative interactions related to product design and development after which the cpc solution was successfully deployed .
that it will create problems by integrating with our current operations .
the members of this support group believe that the best code wins out in the end .
- - - pulls together information that used to come from many different places while in the company .
the speed by which a website provides information would make it much more easy / easier to me to get information on this product .
policies used for managing the infrastructure are ( unique in most or near all of the business units … unique across all or almost all of the business units )
tangible rewards given to the team , are ( or will be ) dependent on whether individuals on a team operate on their own , avoiding much interference from others .
On average, how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? the actual functionality of the finished software.
i had enough practice of the demonstrated physical skills .
training encouraged trial and appellate approach .
--- performs reliably.
using electronic mail improves ( would boost ) my job performance .
i am not getting as good a turnaround as we need on requests for new reports or interviews .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved production planning
I intend to increase my use of shopping online in the future.
the other team is dealing with a nonroutine problem .
even our computer storage systems are too inflexible to be able to respond to my constantly changing needs for data .
Two or more levels
Using the CRM system does not fit the way I view the world
using an ems enables [ would enable ] groups i might normally work with to accomplish all their basic tasks more quickly .
during your relationship with ( partner company ) what percentage of your procedures were developed to suit each other ’ s needs ?
Responds promptly whenever you (supplier) need information.
I’m very interested in what others think about this community.
flexible - fully restricted .
compared to its competitors , how would your organization rate on return on assets ?
overall , how satisfied do you feel about using the website that you identified : dissatisfied - satisfied .
using electronic mail improves the job performance
it allows us to make decisions more quickly .
do you insist that the detailed system design report be used as user code of the system ?
my staff and i could only communicate to others the consequences of using the exact card counting system .
i expect this website to help me carefully define this product .
like you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is a primary focus of your team on this outsourcing process . in respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which you agree or agree with the above statements : this activity offers a competitive advantage for our organization .
please indicate how important this award is knowledge or skills are in supporting advanced computing operations of your company three years from now : ability to understand technological trends
the senior management of each business unit have been helpful in introducing pcs .
Given the resources, opportunities and knowledge it takes to use each tool ([the spreadsheet] and my calculator) it would be easier for me to choose [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
Using this website improved my performance in shopping.
System responsiveness to changing user needs
our policy decisions generally follow “ tried and true ” paths .
using an ems enhances [ would enhance ] the number of groups i associate with .
my interaction with chart - master would be clear enough and understandable
to me , but it is the most important thing to always keep my privacy intact from online companies .
using chart - master in my job would enable me to accomplish the task more quickly
using ( system ) enhances my effectiveness and ( accomplishing tasks ) .
overall , but i like the whole idea of using dms in my job .
even before a decision is made , each possible course of the action is thoroughly evaluated .
to indicate how important your following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs in your company now : 4th generation languages
i have had to sacrifice both my vacation and weekend time to keep current on new technologies .
positive attitude assessment of is personnel toward users
i think that those people who are important like me would want me and use [ the spreadsheet ] rather like my calculator for the day .
using booksamillion . com can improve overall my shopping performance .
Right now staying with my organization is a matter of necessity as much as desire.
rules and procedures exist to deal with the problems that arise between members .
user ’ s understanding of .
operational and costs reduction .
therefore , i considered using a pws to be advantageous in my job .
i feel that the internet vendors would act in a customers ' best interest .
Tolerance for Ambiguity
overall effectiveness ? as team leader . ( ineffective team leader ? - effective team leader )
How do you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website: very displeased - very pleased.
supplier training that allows your participation in their planning process and goal - setting activities .
books count only if they contain new or research contributions .
- - - is easy enough to use .
i would buy pirated legal software even if the cost of legal software were too high .
quality analysis of decision - making .
generally speaking , i want to do what the classmates believe i should do .
this information is helpful for me to evaluate the product .
sisp output fails to sufficiently address the need for distributed data administration in the larger organization .
Information that is related to your purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
to become members of the network , candidate firms must show commitment to the ideals for closed source software .
Companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers.
scope of activity now : manage / plan development / approval process for new systems and technology
Generally speaking, I want to do what my professors think I should do.
preparation part of a strategic plan for developing is
in this capacity i will exert considerable skill in learning the material on frontpage
revised my very own writing .
i believe that it is easy to get a pws to actually do what i want it not to to do .
using a student information system enhances my effectiveness on on the job .
importance of this activity three years from the now : analyze business problems and is solutions
no system provides sufficient information .
Personnel reduction.
right now , to what degree do you feel nervous ?
it bothers me to give classified information to so many companies .
the extent to which this community helps you to gather information .
Managers find it difficult to answer questions specified by the methodology.
our economic estimates for production goods are reliable .
most professionals are very knowledgeable in their chosen engineering field .
not easy to become skillful
how do you evaluate your firm capital ’ s performance in successfully applying it to support being a relatively low - cost producer ?
online companies make a reasonable enough effort to actively prevent unauthorized access to personal information stored in their databases .
Given the resources, opportunities and knowledge it takes to use the system, it would be easy for me to use the system.
our materials support detailed analyses of major business decisions .
using the www has now become automatic to me .
the tools being provided by the site help me determine the attributes of all the product i intend to buy .
the ceo ' s prevailing thinking about it spending
Our software development approach(es) are such that they permit a range of responses to different types of technologies.
we use the scale and volume to justify internal data , management and operations
also please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in to supporting the computing needs of your company in three years from now : use a specific programming language
faster response to new orders .
the tools provided by the site facilitate the ordering process .
work focuses on organizationally important projects
Extent to which formal policies to promote development of reusable design/code are implemented.
Using a student information system enhances my effectiveness on the job.
sisp output fails significantly to determine an overall global data architecture for the organization .
call the personal computer that you work with
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with hardware difficulties.
We attempt to determine optimal courses of action from identified alternatives.
therefore there is a considerable risk involved in participating banks in amazon / ebay auctions .
i am forced by this technology only to work with very - tight time schedules .
there was also a fairly clearly known way to convert user needs to requirements specifications .
sensation of feeling ( sf )
the applications that are used to make information exchanges with our partner can be described on a scale from basic and customized
Right now, to what extent do you feel afraid?
i enjoy discussing my organization with people outside me .
in general , the organization has supported their introduction of pcs .
internal ledger : exclusively internal - exclusively external
i am likely to make another profit from this site if i need the products which i will purchase .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in [ supporting ] the computing needs of [ your company , three years from now : ability to understand technological trends
high degree of technical competence of technical staff in the is department
How often do you organize the following events for the TMT to increase their IS knowledge?
when someone criticizes this community , it often feels like a personal personal insult .
how much influence do you you have in determining how work exceptions are going to be handled ?
i could complete a job using a small processor package if i had a lot of time to complete the tasks for which the software was provided .
it is easy to get - - - to do exactly what i just want it to do .
using the internet often is enjoyable
how likely is it that you will take steps in the next year to secure another job at a major company ?
among the peers , i am usually the first to try out new internet technology .
impersonal ? seductive ?
these companies fulfill their promises about collecting data using personal information of their customers .
correcting poor .
the quality of information timeliness that i experienced there was ; very low - very high .
decision - making responsibilities in our is group are also pushed further down to the lowest possible level .
and to aid me in maintaining my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology of type ) is : very highly usable - very cumbersome
using ( system ) makes them easier to perform my ( task ) .
by example , a website that is useful in purchasing products is important .
We frequently share knowledge about our business environment (e.g., other business relationships) with our channel partners
i feel assured that legal and technological structures adequately protect me from problems with the planet .
i find ( and find ) electronic mail useful in my job .
We face opposition from elected officials.
please rate the success of your new product development work unit on the following activities relevant to your major competitors : we collectively share our tasks to address situational demands .
users perceive that the system meets intended functional performance requirements
our software development approach ( es ) are in that they provide a range and responses to different types of technologies .
being able to critically evaluate a product can make it much more difficult / easier on me to purchase this product from this web vendor .
i know exactly what is expected of the me .
I have seen a PWS in use outside my firm.
our organization believes this business partner would act in our national interest
When you complete a task, how often are your conclusions based on adequate external information?
their project executives at times must make decisions here that seem to be against the interests of all their project managers . and if this were to not happen to you in this project , then how much trust did you have that the project executive ’ ' s decision was justified by other considerations ?
is insists on being error - free records
we have successfully integrated many of our software applications with the ones serving our customers
To your firm, using IT in the next 6 months would be: under your firm's control - out of your firm's control.
the small landowner received one - fourth of its gross revenue in the form of cash . the owner reported only one - half of its cash receipts for income tax revenue .
i always feel confident that i can rely on the internet vendors to do their part even when i interact with all them .
" overall , how much would you rate the quality of service provided by is ?
when you complete a task , how often are your conclusions grounded on adequate external evidence ?
user ' s .
i notice that other people have read my previous posts .
shopping over the web allows me to compare prices easily .
pragmatic , but not dogmatic in matters of ethics
this website helps me with product reviews by other users .
I don’t like to have to  do a lot of thinking.
and manages and maintains personal account records .
i ' m concerned my companies is collecting too much personal information about me .
potential for purchasing process re - entry engineering .
It is cheaper to manage our own data processing facilities and services than to rely on external data processing service-providers
it is a complex and difficult task for your company . make organizational changes that accommodate the internet interorganizational system
common view about the prioritization of investment investments
when i am uncertain how to act in social situations , i look closely to the social behavior of others for the clues
' my attitude toward using - - - - is ( very unfavorable / very favorable )
i find out that people respond to my private messages quickly .
because all the contractors were previously part of the private client organization , and i expect the contractors continue to invest more than other vendors in improving current skills to serve us better .
i am able to use the internet and the website for information for class assignments
- - - produces correct input information .
using the internet now is entirely within my control
overall , i find shopping online very much useful .
fixing bugs and other types of rework account up a significant proportion the systems development effort .
i could complete the job using the latest software package if someone showed me exactly how to do it first .
i have already put a lot of effort and effort into mastering my current way of working .
how knowledgeable it is the top management team about the potential and limitations of current it ?
and how much effort ( in time and energy ) did it you spend recommending or suggesting modifications to your tasks so that perhaps they better fit into this system ?
when faced with a difficult legal situation that had required me to hire a lawyer ( for a fee ) , initially i would use the law firm backing legaladvice . com .
most people on this team are basically honest and they can be trusted .
in doing your job , how else can you use a computer terminal ?
establishing a uniform framework for prioritizing projects .
Instructions that are hard to follow are: bad - good.
The quality of the promptness of the support service I experienced was; very low-very high.
why closely did you follow its suggestions ?
on negotiating win - win strategies among competing public and private partners .
A service that is advantageous is: bad - good.
i could complete out the job using a spreadsheet package ? if i could call someone for help . if i got stuck .
he is a delight to recognize where i am and what i is doing in the business .
groups i work with find [ or find ] an electronic voting system to feel flexible to interact with .
self - impersonal .
one of the advantages of shopping on the web is not the absence alone of sales pressure .
Using this Web site is… (will never recommend/will definitely recommend)
information that is complete for your current purchase and decision is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
It is important to minimize pollution.
when i was using ms excel , i used features that helped me mix and contrast aspects with input data .
established standard procedures and practices could be relied upon to generate requirements specifications .
evaluate product quality based on the number possible product design errors or defects before a cpc technology was deployed .
in my organization , one sees pws occupy many desks .
in general , the internet is now the robust and safe space in which to transact business .
all the information provided during the dms training training session was persuasive .
i am able to arrange a place online to study music at my residence / home without distractions
if i could need resources to ( accomplish task ) and the choice was up to me , then i would now expect to use ( system ) as a ( task - related ) platform .
very flexible - restricted .
our organization has realized our following performance outcomes as the result of our interactions with this key partner : improved asset management
Our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with our organization
this web site ’ s performance of identifying information that is in general , helpful in your purchase decision was … ( very lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
relative to other who is projects , how did your most recently completed project rate its quality - produced work ?
i also will be able to rely on those i work closely with in this team .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are required in supporting and the specific computing needs needs of your company now : ability to work cooperatively effectively in a one - one - one and project team environment
i expect that it will be easy for us to become skillful at using mds .
i am able to take notes of class and instruction
i would have enjoyed working with the members of my project team . i really feel honoured that i am a part of this project team .
companies also should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access the personal information in their computers .
Use the Pull-Down Menu Bar to interface with WordPerfect?
completes the job with very minimal disruption to your ( customer ’ s ) job operations .
People in my organization who use a PWS have a high profile.
i feel safe in my transactions , with this auction seller
how well did the contractors even deliver what they promised in terms of providing software and maintenance specified in by the sla ?
I find that people respond to my posts quickly.
changing back to the relatively new way of working with the nop system that would increase my productivity than working in the current way .
based directly on the reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect the information on the web site to also be , in general , reliable for making your purchase decision ?
using just the crc will fit into my workstyle .
or would you rate this design team on their ability to meet the goals of the performance - requirements definition ?
please remember how important the following is knowledge . skills are in supporting the computing needs of your organization now : ability to plan , organize or lead projects
evaluate product quality based on the number of ecos after the cpc system is deployed .
using as a pws makes it easier to do my job .
they aid me in my ( list of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( human type ) is : un - unhelpful
my staff and i find this credit card system useful to use in our jobs .
members of this team have a shared understanding of how writing is to being written .
please rate the effectiveness by showing your new software development work unit shows the effectiveness of information management tools for capturing , compiling , and coding relevant data ( product / engineering data ) .
Setting of systems priorities to reflect overall organizational objectives
this entire business process often contains our firm - specific intellectual - property ( trade secrets , patents , copyrights , etc . ) .
please rate the performance of your new product development work unit relative only to your major competitors in major innovations in products development as of a whole .
evaluate a cost of overall product development after the original solution was deployed .
my job would still be difficult to perform without electronic mail
for example , being comfortable using a service on my phone is : ( unimportant / important ) .
in comparison to leadership peers . ( worse than leader peers ? better than leader leaders peers )
Quantitative targets are used to manage projects, manage suppliers, support risk management, coordinate training, and coordinate among project stakeholders after the CPC solution was deployed.
How much  influence did you have in decisions made about this system during its development?
this planning exercise takes very long .
with respect to the vendor and team in this outsourcing arrangement , please to indicate further the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following technical statements : this is a trustworthy independent vendor .
the banking software portfolio is more diverse and complex than those of peer banks
the contractors are knowledgeable regarding their specific services .
This website is helpful for me to evaluate the product.
increased efficiency .
one that is responsive to your requests .
Solves problems with minimal involvement from you (customer).
specify the extent to which you would reveal ( the information ) through : the public internet : certainly not probable - probable .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it despite not having manufacturing / production flexibility ?
legaladvice . com will keep its commitments .
there is a comprehensive energy systems quality plan .
the degree of personal control the user has over which their services are .
please indicate how important the fact following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : / expect systems / and ai
the ceo involvement in reviewing consultant ' s recommendations .
my time with this website was dull / exciting .
using an ems enhances [ or would enhance ] both the effectiveness of groups i work with .
our is [MASK] dedicates a considerable amount to its resources of planning efforts .
to indicate how important the award is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : / / / ai
With respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The vendor team is a capable and proficient provider of IS outsourcing services.
computer databases that contain sensitive information should be protected against unauthorized access — no to how much it costs .
please indicate how important the following program is knowledge or skills are in supporting the general computing needs of your company in three years from right now : data management ( e . g . , data flow modeling )
and on the average , how predictable changes are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization ? the actual quality of the already finished software .
please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have become developed in your organization to encourage reuse in the types of resources listed below : allocation of reusable resources
Using electronic mail gives me greater control over my work
Having an Exact card system is a status symbol among the merchants I know.
finding the time would make it much more difficult / even easier for me to get information about this product .
but i also believe that it is easy to do what i want to do while shopping online .
the behavior of employees may instill confidence in users
Using CHART-MASTER in my job would increase my productivity
how would do you rate this design team based on their ability to meet the goals of the project during a requirements definition ?
a proper on - the - job tryout of all the various various uses of the pws is simply not possible .
pws are not very visible to my organization .
the network has transparent management routines for coordinating work between member firms .
that is little trial - & - error in our strategic decision process .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is clear in meaning was … (very poor/very good)
the training helped me see a usefulness of excel .
This section pertains to the usage of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement. System testing (including system demos) refers to the formal or informal assessment of the quality of the deliverables and adherence to the established technical standards. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Performance appraisal of the vendor team by the client team is dependent, in part, on the extent to which the system testing is successful.
This business partner keeps their commitments
the data maintained by the data exchange is pretty much what i need for carry out my mission .
firms find it easy to voice their opinions in network decision makers .
just buying and using products that are interesting and unusual also assists me in establishing a distinctive image .
i would find mds to be easily installed and portable .
I am familiar with buying products from this site.
our financial planning process is tightly integrated with the firm ’ s normal capital management or capital budgeting routine .
Shopping on the web saves money.
while using the web site i made my visit fun .
internet websites are reliable environments in which to efficiently conduct business transactions .
it also would be very ironic to [ have the original developers of the ems see how our group used the system [ would view our own group ’ s use of the system ] as inappropriate ] .
this section pertains to the usage of project plans in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree but disagree with the following criteria : performance appraisal of a vendor team of the vendor team is dependent , in part , on what extent with whom the vendor team follows a project plan .
incentives are used to help promote reusability .
and how satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the thought process by which your group make the decision ?
by doing my job , i must portray myself as interested in helping customers ' frustrations even when i don ’ t really care .
our software development tools ( es ) are such that they can become adapted to the specific goals of individual projects .
i could apply new concepts like that i learned from a computerized job training program
Overall, our systems development methodology helps to develop better systems.
how can you assess your firm ’ s performance in applying it to support creating new goods / services ?
we have sufficient capacity and volume to justify internal data processing management and operations
what is your general knowledge level of e - mail ?
please indicate how valuable the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company 5 years from completion : assembly language
and using booksamillion . com stretched out my capabilities to the limits .
I see no reason to doubt my teammates' competence and preparation for the job.
I was permitted to use a PWS on a trial basis long enough to see what it could do.
gives necessary conditions for payment at predefined milestones .
higher productivity .
how important is financial cost for your firm regarding the use of it for the first 6 months ?
generally give sellers the benefit of avoiding the doubt .
i could complete that process using the software package if there was no one around to tell me and to do as i go .
how much or same are those day - to - day situations , problems , or issues people encounter in performing your major task ( what much variability is there in your tasks or job ) ?
I did not have to expend very much effort to try out the PWS.
my interaction with this system is clear and understandable .
i oppose the change to the new format of working with the nop members .
makes work easier
i think that other people search the archive to find - out more facts about me .
currently the product demonstration on this website is lively .
i could complete the job using a spreadsheet package . he showed me how to do everything first .
in general , the information information that is relevant to making your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
creative thinking ( st )
compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate on the efficiency of its operations ?
to your firm , using it again in the next 6 calendar months would be : very simple to arrange - complicated to arrange .
is employees give daily prompt service to users
based on the reports i provided to you about the web - site , do you expect information on the entire web site to not be in general , reliable for making your purchase decision ?
Using this website can increase my shopping effectiveness.
maintaining open lines lines of communication with other departments .
to what extent did you know that the communication you provided with the project executive regarding the project status was : untimely - timely .
i look at the information contained in the ess as my mood changes me .
Switching to the new way of working with the NOP system could result in unexpected hassles.
Supplier that is responsive to your requests.
evaluate the typical degree of interconnectedness between product components , before the cpc [MASK] solution was deployed .
our per - user notification desk is responsive to end - user requests .
pws are not normally very visible in my organization .
" job security
My preoccupation with my job affects my family life.
It bothers me to give personal information to so many companies.
The performance of the Web site that is easy to go back and forth between pages was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
using enterprise resource planning in our company created a significant disruption in the workplace , at first .
with the online site information content met my needs .
good and understandable
i find it easy to identify myself with the team
" i trained other users to use this system .
market activities of your key function ( 1 = have become far more stable ; 4 = market change ; 7 = have become far less stable ) .
entering new business or new markets
the importance of activity for three years from now : analyze software packages – evaluation & selection
the vendor is absorbed in my well - wishes , not just its own .
to what extent should the ess enable you to extend your scope ?
The vendor would keep its commitments.
clear , and understandable
use of a pc can significantly increase the speed of execution of my job .
improved service to london .
because the contractors were previously part of the client organization , i expect the contractors themselves to also be better at promoting such a positive attitude in client organization than in other vendors .
i have the resources necessary to use the facility .
given the opportunity , intend and place a bid in company ’ s auctions .
adapting effectively to strategic change .
although it might prove helpful , using a pws is certainly still compulsory in my job .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge based or practical skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now now : operating system systems : mainframes
Our systems development methodology helps to de-crease the cost of systems development.
our clients have computerized their order management process .
i could complete the job using a spreadsheet , but i had just the built - in help facility as assistance .
importance of activity three years from now : develop in - house .
I feel that most Internet vendors would act in a customers’ best interest.
cds . com is useful in shopping for cds .
the planning horizon considered by such methodology is inappropriate .
ceo ' s informal experience with it management
Meeting Assigned Deadlines
improved phone service to customers .
In terms of the features of the Web site that provide the information you need, using the Web site made you… (very dissatisfied/very satisfied)
A Web site that quickly loads all the text and graphics is… (not important at all/extremely important)
i feel confident now that modern encryption and other technological advances on the internet make it more safe for me to do business there .
i will use all this business always to help do shopping in any urgent situations .
business insights are shared between us and our other channel partners
how pleased do you feel ? about your overall experience of the purchase price through this website : very displeased - very pleased .
this second section pertains to the usage of project plans in implementing this outsourcing arrangement . please also indicate the extent to which either you agree or disagree with the following statements : * the client provides feedback to the original vendor team on the extent to which the vendor management team follows the original project plan . *
even using the exact card system is clear and understandable for me and my entire staff .
please evaluate the overall level of knowledge each of your firm ' ' s senior is executive in your firm ’ s competitors .
the content of the auction listing is not yet complete
Improved service to customers.
we optimize coordination across our departments and / or or our product lines .
i could complete the job using a software package if really there was no - one around to simply tell me what to do as i go .
generally give sellers the benefit of the doubt.
transfers knowledge to your ( customer ’ service ) staff .
Evaluate the CIO’s level of knowledge:
The system is easy to use.
To your firm, using IT in the next 6 months would be: easy - difficult.
What is your general knowledge of WWW?
it would be easy for me to become skillful at tasks derived from a computerized learning program
Processes used for negotiating and making deals with IT vendors and service providers are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
There is no difference between the ordered items and the delivered items.
based on the reports provided to you about the web sites , do you expect that the web site is responsive about your findings ?
to evaluate the extent ( content ) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative interactions related to product development before the original cpc solution was first deployed .
online companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in these files is correct .
" this training will help me in career advancement .
my typical approach is to trust sellers until i prove i should not harm them .
To me, this is the best retail website to do business with
The information content meets my needs.
The business plan my team developed would convince prospective clients to hire our new consulting firm.
receive a promotion with college next year or two
It showed me how to focus on identifying the central issues.
using this web site can improve your shopping performance .
my experience in using this technique was better than what i had expected .
a web site that is well organized is … ( not important at all / not useful )
generally - speaking , i want me to do what my friends think i should do .
Everybody cost-conscious
it works independently ( i . e . , minimal reliance on a you [ customer ] ) in just getting the job done .
reduce time to market some of our products .
overall , the site was particularly useful for shopping .
when considering the various situations that arise in performing your work , what percentage percent of all the time do you have written or unwritten procedures for actually dealing effectively with them ?
Each assignment has a clear objective.
i was proud of the progress of my learning with respect to my goals during this session
players will usually be considerate of one another ’ s feelings for this team .
what is the actual percentage for enterprise data maintained within database management system ?
introduction to technologies and skilled personnel .
members of this christian group believe free software is better than commercial software .
if you are the highly effective performer at your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you will frequently work out to meet standards is . . .
to what extent does the ess enable for you to question all your preconceptions ?
no supervision received on the job
due to work - related issues , i have also make changes to my plans for family activities .
what is your general general knowledge of groupware ?
i think they just try to back up their words with their actions .
finding time would make it much more difficult / easier for just me to still get information about this product .
in this is planning process we encourage creativity and idea generation over uncertainty .
i don ' t care less what happens to the organization , as long as i get my paycheck
To what extent is your IS department using UML (Unified Modeling Language) at present?
there is seldom any change made to this business process .
i pay special attention to every others ’ online or offline status in this community .
overall , i was satisfied by this online experience .
Importance of activity now: implement new or changed computer- supported business processes
women ' s effectiveness
i will not comply fully with the change due to the new way of working with the nop system .
importance of activity to : train and educate is professionals
adapting the specific goals / objectives each of is to changing goals / objectives of the organization .
How likely is it that this information system will enable you to make a good decision?
- - - provides me today with a complete set of information .
electronic mail : critical aspects of my job
my job produces strain that makes it difficult to fulfill family life duties .
a significant weight will be placed upon timely project completion .
I believe that the Ratings & Feedback mechanism in Amazon’s auctions is effective.
for me , being physically able now to easily operate my equipment on my own is : ( unimportant / important ) .
members of the team integrate newly coded units in software with existing code .
the following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself if you had computers : playful
number of levels between the it head and ceo
as both an auction - host / intermediary , amazon / ebay has high integrity .
and clear / understandable
our group ’ s use of the ems is likely at odds with its original purpose .
tangible rewards given to the team , are ( or will not be ) dependent on whether the individuals on the team work best on their own , without much direction from the others .
and if i were to buy the same product again , i would likely buy it directly from this website .
purchasing this product available from this website would be easy .
the quality of information and accessibility that i experienced was ; very low - very high .
i feel emotionally drained from my life .
I have formed a favorable impression toward the product that I’ve just examined.
our systems development development methodology helps to keep our systems development projects effectively under control .
they had discussions about various criteria to use to select amongst the various decision alternatives .
I feel I have more to do than I can comfortably handle.
just using booksamillion . com can increase my shopping productivity .
a service that is difficult not to learn is : bad - good .
i know how to find what i like on the web .
using mds would increase my chances of achieving things that actually are important enough to me .
we have a set of agreed upon coding standards in our team .
overall , most of my expectations from people using this website were confirmed .
how would you handle your group ’ and problem solving process ? efficient / inefficient
my organization has specific rules that govern what employees are allowed to interact with their computers .
in your first job , how important would it it be to you not to be consulted by your direct superior in his / her decisions ?
our systems development planning methodology helps to keep our systems development projects under our control .
women ' s participation
how effective was your group in evaluating ideas ?
knowledge about the few key factors that must go right when a mission is to succeed is . . . of no use / of no necessity
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be clear in meaning?
The quality of information presentation I experienced was; very low-very high.
i know that my organization actively monitors the content of employees ’ e - mail addresses .
our team members carefully made all their decisions to maximize an overall positive team performance .
If I had a challenging legal problem, I would want to use LegalAdvice.com again.*
i put in with a lot of effort .
using the crm system in my new job will increase my productivity
computer databases that contain personal information should be protected from any unauthorized access — no matter how much it typically costs
firm use it ( using e . g . , mailing lists , voip ) to help coordinate their activities .
Write a macro which will call up the Lotus menu?
online companies make a reasonable effort not to get consent before they collect sensitive personal information from these online consumers .
the auction listing information is very easy to understand
our systems - development methodology provides a useful practical tool - box of techniques to be applied .
Customer information files: exclusively internal-exclusively external
Conducts ongoing discussions during project.
medal for advancement
I am often on the lookout for new products or brands that will add to my personal uniqueness.
all technologies , rules , and procedures of the business process are stable .
i have the basic resources necessary to use the system .
during on my last visit to booksamillion . com i had felt confused .
i can have fun using the system .
and what is your general knowledge of traditional system development life cycle ?
my support staff and i find it easy to get the exact card system to do what else we want it all to do .
improved quality of decision analysis .
develop new ideas to reengineer business processes through it .
online companies make a reasonable effort to allow their customers access correct inaccurate personal data located in their databases .
online companies should have better procedures to correct errors in obtaining personal information .
I actively seek to develop my personal uniqueness by buying  special products or brands.
This team has done a good job in figuring out how work will flow among team members.
during such a normal week , how frequently do exceptions arise in your work which require such substantially different methods or procedures for properly doing them ?
I (dislike/like) the idea of using the CRC.
Computers make me feel uncomfortable.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in meeting the computing needs of this company three years from now : computer programming / case management or tools
Using an EMS increases [would increase] the productivity of groups I work with.
this software allows me to review a product .
i strongly advocate shopping online to others .
I interact with TMT members on a formal basis (e.g., official meetings. work-related phone calls, etc.)
" i am not sure i trust with this auction seller to deliver the auction product
the tools provided at the site allow me to track where and how much money is being made .
product design critically affects performance of other parts or components .
i myself am concerned about vendor legitimacy .
is this dependable
to be successful in my job , i should remember i care about customers ’ problems even when i am indifferent .
" our educational organization provides end - user training before the introduction of new technology .
so if a customer required help , most internet vendors alone would do their best to help .
my boss was very supportive of pc use for my job .
They will have up-to-date hardware and software
my group ’ s own use of the ems probably differs considerably somewhat from the purpose for which it was originally being designed .
interpersonal communication behavior
how to use
reduction in consumer - goods procurement costs .
product requires continuous product innovation .
the people who are important things to me would want me to use mds .
relationship management with the other parties in the project ( ceo , users , vendor ) .
i ' ’ m concerned now that companies are collecting too much personal information about me .
it provides fast and accurate answers to the customers ’ initial inquiries ( q & & a ) .
The information in this e-mail is…helpful/harmful
Requirements identified at beginning of project were quite different from those existing at end.
in your job , how important would it be to expect you to always work well with people who might cooperate well with one another ?
Getting authorization to access data that would be useful in my job is time consuming and difficult.
i am very skilled at using only the web .
in just the past 3 months , how often did very difficult problems arise in reviewing your previous work for which there were no immediate or apparent methods for dealing with the problems ?
it is pleasant to follow the water flow .
overall responsiveness of software software to users .
the telecommunications technology used for the software software .
overall , i was happy with x ’ s prices
Using the CRM system is not similar to anything that I’ve done before
the network enables seamless hand - off of tasks between all member technology firms .
Pre-tax profit.
how much would investors / vendors approve of your firm using it in the next 6 years ?
significant weight will be placed upon the project quality .
this web vendor would be competent for delivering this product in a timely manner .
my classmates would think that i should enter the crc .
please indicate how important the following are knowledge what activities are in supporting the computing needs of the company three years from now : cobol , or other third generation language
importance of activity three years from now : support self - developed systems
good job competence is only criterion in hiring people
what was the ( approximate ) total revenue of your organization last month ? ( for nonprofit corporations , indicate the operating budget . )
The information in this auction listing is to the point
if asked , then i would likely automatically recommend ( system ) as a ( task related ) platform .
in different situations and with other women , i often act like very different persons
using enterprise resource planning in our company decreased productivity at first due to costs to build .
... our new organization uses uniquely built or customized , rather complex than canned or generic , applications to facilitate information exchanges with our partner
there would be high potential for loss along with giving ( the profits ) to online firms .
the knowledge acquired by firm through the project .
printing in the crc will be too hard .
i trust the online store to deliver the product just on time .
how frequently do members disagree about about the way to complete a team building task ?
i randomly browse through information stored in the ess .
IS provides its services at all times it promises to do so
when people have failed in life it was often their own fault .
using a pws fits into my work environment .
i believe that this is easy to get a pws to do what i want it for doing .
the latest information related to goods and service is adequately provided .
I find my experience with this website enjoyable.
the methodology also fails to assess the current information systems applications portfolio .
i have control issues over using the system .
attends key staff meetings regularly .
my staff and i could explain to others the consequences of using the credit card system .
i find the system designed to be useful in my job .
i could complete the whole job using just a word processing software package if someone showed me how to do it first .
the impact of using such the exact card system is apparent to my own staff and me .
I find it easy to identify myself with this team
please rate the success of your new product development work unit in the following activities related to its major competitors : we have adequate routines that assimilate our information and knowledge .
Overall, I was satisfied with this online experience.
the network is intended to enable member firms to share customer contacts .
I worked on the Web-design procedures as they were being presented even though I did not have to
please rate the performance of your new product concepts development work unit relative to your major competitors in the creation of new new product concepts .
sisp output fails to provide priorities in developing specific databases .
never bothers me to give personal information to so many people .
electro - visual .
How clearly understood are the program deliverables and the relationship between these deliverables and the achievement of the program benefits?
have a very great deal of power and influence on the job
how likely is is it that you will be very confident in the future decisions you make when using this information systems ?
Because {subordinate} uses software process improvements {subordinate} is more effective in his or her work.
the pressures that arise in handling day - to - day tasks also keep our is group from planning for anything its immediate future .
overall , i find shopping online very difficult .
using dms in my job will make me more active ( e . g . , help i make important decisions ) .
my use outside of the system is voluntary .
legaladvice . com performs its role of giving legal assistance as well .
our systems development process helps to develop more functional systems .
Increase Productivity
be highly respected again by top management
if issues such as delays arise , the contractors are honest about the details .
the tools provided on the site help me repair a product .
a sentence that is compatible with the way i write is : bad - good .
the performance of a web site that provides a few clicks to locate information was poor ( much lower than we thought / much higher than we thought )
i didn ' ve know how to get to my desired location .
completeness of the training provided to users .
the quality of system and reliability i experienced was ; very low - and very high .
i had difficulty coordinating our work .
Evaluated initial drafts.
we can easily assess the performance of this business process , independent of the performance of all our other processes .
i vary the information i look at to the ess .
We develop strong relationships with our customers.
during the auction listing , one might find contact information ( e . g . direct - mail addresses , phone numbers , etc . )
ceo involvement in information requirements development .
extent to which you can exchange information related to to changes in supply - chain structure , such as addition or dropping out of partner companies , merger , and alliances , with ( partner / company ) .
our systems development research methodology helps to increase the productivity of the individual application developers .
information that contains necessary topics required for your purchase decision is … ( not considered important at all / extremely not important )
i feel very confident using a computer to learn about and apply new concepts
how to use
i prefer to use the crc this term .
several other members outside of our project team have worked very hard on this project .
time to make complete work
and those people who are important enough to me who would ( strongly support / strongly oppose ) my using [ the spreadsheet ] , rather than my calculator for the assignment .
some members of the team believe they will be better able to rely on other members of the management team not to make a job more financially difficult by careless work .
What do you believe is the risk for regular Internet users due to the possibility that records of transactions could be sold to third parties?
Knowledge about the environmental constraints that the organization operates within (e.g. government regulation, supplier relationships, competition, etc.) . Extremely low / extremely high.
the video provided me with the opportunity to produce the procedural steps taken through the video .
short lead time required for new computer systems development
defines precisely the status of each party .
i have already put a lot more time and effort into mastering my current way of working .
familiarizing myself with the latest product on this website is quite similar to developing my product evaluation style in physical stores .
on average , please indicate some extent to which , and full extent of which , documentation consists of reused components .
i would purchase this product directly from this web vendor at a bargain price , within the next 30 days .
when users have a problem , these is units will show a high interest in solving .
the methodology fails to take in account shifts in the organization during sisp .
i had no main responsibility for the development project [ except during system level definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
using a pc takes too much time from performing normal duties .
i could complete the job using only a software package if someone else had helped me get this started .
" based on the reports provided to you about the web - site , do you expect information on the web site data to be accurate ?
attends many key project meetings regularly .
I would characterize LegalAdvice.com as honest.
gradually reducing the recognition of my non - stop it experiences / it skills / control at work .
While using the web site I found my visit enjoyable.
we have now successfully integrated most aspects of our software applications with the ones of our customers
using the crm system fits well with any way i like to .
i have already had plenty of the opportunity to see the pws being used .
there is a sense of real human contact in the website .
her preoccupation with my job affects my family life .
importance to activity now : develop application software – purchase and tailor
I believe such a web tool would provide more objective recommendations than an agent.
prompt processing of requests for updates to existing systems
dr . x asks people affected by him his decisions for communicating their ideas and opinions .
i will try tomorrow to learn as much as i can from this special training class .
preparation of a strategic strategy for developing is
i clicked on the web - based procedures while they were being presented even though i did not have to
overall , " how do you really feel about the website that you identified : terrible - delighted .
relative to other comparable is projects , exactly how did your most recently - completed project rate on adherence relative to budgets ?
accuracy in reports .
Financial liquidity: Much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
i was absorbed . intensely – not absorbed intensely .
maybe once all the trial period is over , i won ' ’ t see much need to continue to use a smart card payment system in my own business .
how many effort ( including time and energy ) did you spend recommending or suggesting changes to this system ’ s functionalities ?
I feel comfortable using the Internet TV on my own
people whose opinions that i value would prefer for me to use [ the spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator for writing the assignment .
Product has a significant risk of warranty liabilities.
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the adequacy of Information Technology tools to visualize and monitor project status, task lists, and progress of workflows in the  New Product Development process.
do you make it clear to user management that they authorize work on the first phase of the systems development process by their approval of the report on the next stage ?
using ( system ) improves my ( human ability to accomplish task ) .
rather so than asking for my direct supervisor , i usually make my own decisions about what to do on such a job .
changes in the personnel through whom one interacts .
i find my experience with the website fun .
firms consider the competence and skills that other member firms while doing business with them .
this section pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree or you disagree with the following statements : during unscheduled interactions and often informal interactions conducted with the vendor team moving around in the office , client - team members provide a significant feedback to the vendor teams .
the web site was always fun .
using dms in doing my job is a good idea .
a job easier
i find the booksamillion . com useful .
Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization, I expect the contractors to be better at promoting a positive attitude in client organization than other vendors.
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as one part of our partnership with this business partner : increased flexibility
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the leveraging Information Technology tools for storing, archiving, retrieving, sharing, and reusing project information and best practices.
please evaluate on the current level of professional knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive in how to guide your firm board ’ s decisions related primarily to the timing and level of investment in emerging technologies .
i intend to use dms as more of my job responsibilities .
the exact nature of data fields relating to these tasks is easy to find out .
improved staff productivity .
the tools provided by this site allow me to get very detailed history of the goods as ordered from this website .
Evaluate the cost of product design and prototyping before the CPC solution was deployed.
that it would improve efficiency .
for me , product delivery in a very timely fashion is important .
the virtual workspace or repository provided by the company enabled me to easily interweave notes , chat , e - mail , and emails into the repository .
I think that using a PWS fits well with the way I like to work.
select any specific objects from a lotus database according to a specified criterion ?
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a direct result of our interactions , with this business & partner : lower operating costs
When people give personal information to a company for some reason, the company should never use the information for any other reason.
sisp output is to outline changes in the network relationships in the is department .
Dependable - nondependable.
- - - is versatile , addressing needs as they arise .
importance of activity now : manage / plan feasibility / approval process design for new communication systems and technology
slow - so fast .
is employees are never too too busy to respond to users ’ requests
i do believe that what i ask for what i get in does online shopping .
Decrease in market share.
my training program got me more excited about becoming more self literate .
importance of technology now : support hardware
our is provide us all with the facts and figures that we need to better support our day - - to - day decision making .
my past experience in amazon ’ s auction marketplace is positive .
The business plan my team developed will earn a high grade from my professor in this course.
i could do the job using a spreadsheet package if it had just the logged - in help facility for assistance .
creating a service that is compatible with the specific way i work is : bad - good .
the demands of my work interfere with both my home and family life .
performance standards have been introduced for design
number of output
A fast rate at which websites display information would make it much more difficult/easier for me to get information about this product.
but i would be willing to provide information like my name , address , address and phone phone number to legaladvice . com .
please , evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence present that your npd work unit now faces in your product - market area : - there are many competitors in this market .
they use the ess to find answers to specific questions .
for me , a service of equipment that is needed and other equipment i use is : unimportant - important .
Our main competitors who have adopted  enterprise resource planning are favorably perceived by their suppliers and customers.
assuming i had access to the system , i would intend to use the virtual security advisor
but please indicate the extent to which all the following mechanisms have been further developed in your organization : to encourage reuse of the two types of resources listed above : reward system for reusing existing resources
Because of my use of a PWS, others in my organization see me as a more valuable employee.
In terms of job roles and responsibilities, I feel overburdened in my role.
i was satisfied with that new option ( e . g . , different credit rates ) at the store i shopped .
A service with more advantages than disadvantages is: (bad/good).
production scheduling : - exclusively internal - exclusively external
a service that is with no benefit to me is : bad - ass .
our group reached mutual understanding on how we should use an electronic meeting system and perform our task .
The Web site’s performance that is easy to use was… (very poor/very good)
Availability and timeliness of report delivery to users
it provides fast loading speed in any application .
there was a clearly defined way to develop software that would satisfy these requirements specifications .
people whose opinions i value would probably prefer me to use mds .
to what extent does my ess enable you to confirm your understanding of the problem ?
an external data processing service - provider might be able significantly reduce our software costs
the web site kept keeping me totally absorbed in the browsing .
frequently , with the mindset of using data to address some problem , we may decide to restate the problem and access slightly different data than we had at first thought .
to what extent is programming carried out by pairs of people on this platform ?
i could complete the job using only the software package if there was really no one around to tell me what to just do as i go .
the glue thing that holds the is department i work in together is commitment to innovation and development . there is an emphasis placed on innovation being a first with products and services .
the computer provides the precise information i need .
computers are a real threat to privacy in this new country .
the creative advisor allowed me to specify my preferred approach to generate recommendations
the information in this fake e - mail is … accurate / inaccurate
please rate the effectiveness of our new skills development work unit in the following activities relative with your major competitors : we are successful in learning new things within our group .
Using DMS in my job will improve my performance (e.g., make my work better).
legaladvice . com still is interested in my own well - being , not just its own .
the quality of information accessibility i originally expected was ; very very low - very very high .
the content of the auction item listing is accurate
I intend to use the CRC to print projects, papers or assignments this term.
Overall, I find using a PWS to be advantageous in my job.
the attitude of the support service of people that i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
Using electronic mail saves me time
i believe that this seller will deliver to bring me a product that matches the posted description .
for me , product delivery in a timely fashion was important .
works as a team , you ( customer ) .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced work forms the primary focus of all research in this outsourcing activity . with regards to outsourced activity , you indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the above statements : this activity creates a competitive advantage for our organization .
if i wanted to , i really could easily operate any of the equipment in the crc on to my very own .
shopping on the web real time .
we have difficulty in negotiating with the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) when not there really are any changes .
Knowledge about the few key factors that must go right if the organization is to succeed. Extremely low / extremely high.
the work environment allows me to meet any expectations of my supervisor in performing my job .
to assist me in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i view ( it ) as a ( technology technology ) is : something to interact with - obscure to interact with
I felt like I was going around in circles.
firms , in conjunction with other members , often have competed successfully for employment contracts that they could not have done on their own .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to plan, organize and lead projects
how knowledgeable are you about it or business related to someone outside your organization or source of information about it ?
the data system provides sufficient information .
is employees are always willing to be users
The prices of the product(s) I purchased from X’s Internet site are too high, given the quality of the merchandise
the currency of reports .
in our relationship with ( partner company ) , sometimes we provide proprietary information if we feel it can best help our business business partner .
insurance companies seeking such information online should disclose the way the data are collected , processed , and used .
shopping from x is an extremely efficient way to manage my time
the books do not count at all .
I am very skilled at using the Web.
it is difficult to find any members who meet the criteria specified in the methodology .
Our systems development methodology helps to improve the functionality of new applications.
i tried to quickly connect information to things that i already know
firms , in conjunction with other corporate members , have competed for contracts that they could not possibly have done on their own own .
i am in full full agreement with it .
thus to do all my job effectively , i must act as if i empathize with the customer despite of my actual lack of concern .
It is reliable.
The network is designed to enable members to gain access to the skills/expertise of other members.
Defines precisely the responsibilities of each party.
do you insist that the detailed computer design report was developed as user documentation of the system ?
the system is free to use .
loss of financial resources .
the project manager is clear spoken and fairly explicit about how he or she wants our design team to operate .
completeness of output of information
individuals on this team are rewarded for best individual performance .
the essence , information that is useful in your purchase decision is … ( not useful at all / extremely important )
Little concern for personal problems of employees
the tools provided by the site help help me control the use of my latest product .
Volume of output information provided by the system
please rate the comparative effectiveness assessment of your new product development work - unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we collectively manage our development tasks to address situational demands .
I could complete the job using a word processing package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself
we have a set well agreed upon coding standards in this team .
SISP output fails to sufficiently address the role of a permanent IS planning group.
how likely is it that you will be very satisfied with using the information retrieval system ?
overall , i believe that a pws system is easy to use .
and how dependent is the successful completion of work on the skills and the experience of specific team members ?
i like you to have greater product choice .
number and levels between it head and ceo
and please rate by the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the representing the true geographic availability of your people , skills , and resources to enable appropriate task assignment in the new york product development process .
volume of output information provided by the .
overall job performance
I have control over using the system.
A well-coordinated community has been formed among the users of this site.
it was another complex process .
can increase productivity
the physical appearance of the physical facilities of is is in keeping with with the kind of services provided
there be few errors in the information i obtain from - - -
my organization has developed specific guidelines that describe acceptable user use of e - mail .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: COBOL, or other third generation language
my classmates probably would think that i should use the crc .
i know more about using the web from most users .
be clear / understandable
member firms may be removed from projects because they behave unacceptably .
emphasizing quality assurance of output
if our organization now required help , then this business partner would do their best to provide assistance
the tools provided by the site inform me when other improvements to enhance the product are available
please also indicate how important the following is : knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of all your company now : ability to be sensitive to organizational / culture / politics
all the equipment ( printers , laptop computers , etc ) in the crc are not compatible with all the other computers i use .
i do find my experience with this website interesting .
The results of using a PWS are apparent to me.
That it will lead to more downtime in our operations.
importance statement of activity three years from now : integrate data types ( e . - g . , digital video , voice )
short lead time required a new systems development
credit card processing : exclusively external - exclusively external
i am concerned about providing personal information to the online companies , because of exactly what the others might do with it .
the exchange maintains data at an appropriate level of detail for all my own purposes .
supplier will never be able to satisfy your jit ( just just in time ) inventory requirements .
the virtual workspace or repository space used by the project team enabled for me to easily directly link my team ’ s repository with other knowledge sources and applications .
Client/Coworker Feedback
not convenient - inconvenient .
I would find CHART- MASTER to be flexible to interact with
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: telecommunications
i also try to learn as much as i can from this training session .
security management : exclusively internal - exclusively external external
the terms offered by the site let me specify the product features that i want .
did you have responsibility for estimating development costs of constructing the new solar system ?
information provided here is easy to understand .
please indicate the frequency with which you access a user database , dictionary , diagram , map etc . at approximately the same time as another user .
My supervisor does not require me to use the system.
our systems development methodology helps to develop more complex systems .
If I wanted to, I could become skillful at making good product purchasing decisions on the Web.
my friends think that i can use the internet tv
it fluctuated quite a bit in earlier phases .
poor reputation of the trading partner ( s ) .
adequate external consultant assistance is not available for implementing the methodology .
the tools currently provided by the site help me as a customer track my ongoing usage .
our systems design methodology helps to decompose the system to being developed into workable parts .
--- provides me with a complete set of information.
increase .
the information provided by - - - is clearly visible on the website .
are clearly specifications of product or service .
have systems and resources constantly shifted to respond to crisis situations facing the organization ?
work on more challenging tasks
that it will be easier to use with what we use currently .
the attitude of the support service toward people i experienced was ; very low - very very high .
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to execute customer services?
for me , learning how to purchase more easily from a web vendor was important .
people in the team answer each other ' s questions in a thoughtful manner .
We have the scale and volume to justify internal data processing management and operations
no involvement . participants are unwilling or not invited to participate .
people whose opinions i value would like me to use [ a spreadsheet ] rather as my calculator for the assignment .
is employees give prompt service to .
importance of activity now : integrate existing and create new business applications
this data is subject to frequent system problems and crashes .
our systems development methodology helps to decrease the cost for systems maintenance .
my attention was focused – my attention was still not focused .
Processes used for identifying and recruiting IT talent are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work - unit in the following activities , relative to your major business competitors : we all are effective in utilizing knowledge into new products .
companies should take more steps to make sure , that unauthorized people cannot access their personal information in their computers .
delivers complete and comprehensive documentation ( e . a . , manuals , technical and design information ) .
gaining market share is more important to cash flow .
importance start of activity three years from now : develop application software – purchase and trade tailor
using the internet tv improves network performance for communication and information search
Easy to Learn
The quality of the responsiveness of the support service I experienced was; very low-very high.
familiarizing people with the product on this list was similar to my product evaluation style in physical stores .
being within my budget would make it even more difficult / easier to me to purchase this product from this particular vendor .
This training will help me in career advancement.
please indicate the extent of your enterprise and resource planning adoption by your firm ’ s customers .
to what extent do you believe that the communication you provided out to your project executive team regarding securing the project status was : not credible - credible
this is department i work in is a very dynamic and entrepreneurial place . people seem willing to stick their eyes out and take action .
not acquired by firm about use of development techniques .
On the reports or systems I deal with, the exact meaning of data elements is either obvious or easy to find.
very easy to use
if , you are a highly effective performer in your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you will be assigned challenging duties that increase in your professional development competence , is . . .
I believe I have the ability to enter numbers into a spreadsheet.
use of a pc will increase the opportunity for less meaningful work .
our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with our !
the time required for systems development
our systems management methodology helps to estimate either time or effort required for the development of a planned system .
my interaction with this web site is both clear and understandable .
how would you rate the information exchanged with ( partner company ) on terms of its value added to your business model , compared with information exchange with other similar companies ?
A low percentage of hardware and systems downtime
semi - impersonal .
i could successfully use such a computerized training program
to be so effective in my job , i must not demonstrate how agitated i often may feel with customers .
generally enough , i want my do what my professors think i should do .
to what extent do you feel committed to your small group solution ?
positive evaluation of is personnel toward users
using this web site can improve my online shopping performance .
how likely , is it that , by using this new information system , you will be able also to make decisions quickly ?
using the virtual workspace or data repository used by the team enabled project me to more easily label an entry with multiple key words it pertains to .
i frequently must deal with ill - defined business problems .
but please rate on the overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major product competitors : group a members are assigned to tasks commensurate with their task - relevant knowledge and management skills .
I get so involved when I shop from X that I forget everything else
using the crm system fits my overall method for doing my job
please evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that your npd work unit faces in your product - market area : within our line of business , customers ’ their prices change very lot over time .
existing procedures and guidelines hinder everyone in our is group from trying for new ideas .
use of a steering committee for developing and monitoring the information communication system
Communications between IS staff and managerial users
how would you describe your peer group ’ ' s problem solving process ? coordinated / uncoordinated
navigating between pages was a challenge .
I  have enjoyed working with members of my project team. I really feel that I am a part of this project team.
sometimes the demands of my work interfere with my home and family life .
Subjective - objective.
so i pay attention to others ’ online or offline status in this online community .
How likely is it that you will be working at the same company this time next year?
Using a PWS improves my image within the organization.
I know how to find what I want on the Web.
i find the system designed to be easy to use .
The results of using a PWS are apparent to me.
I believe I have the ability to manipulate the way a number appears in a spreadsheet.
some of our operations are closely connected to the ones of our customers
as you have indicated earlier , outsourced activity activity is the primary focus area of your team working in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please , indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : there are established operational procedures , and practices that can be followed to perform this outsourced activity is [MASK] activity .
A service that is advantageous is: (bad/good).
By complaining about bad services, I may prevent other consumers from experiencing the same problem.
to what extent does your ess enable me to question your preconceptions ?
referral of coordination decision to senior dp or end user leader .
i ' d had a great deal of opportunity . try various pws applications .
how likely are you , during their next three days to : refuse to purchase a product because you disagree with the way a person uses personal information .
during my one last visit to booksamillion . com , i felt in control .
all things considered , the move would cause serious privacy problems .
attends key project meetings online .
importance of activity now : encourage and educate end users
this man is trustworthy .
i would be able to access the crc .
list of output information
our suppliers have computerized their order management systems .
is employees have the knowledge needed to do their job well
how do you evaluate your firm ’ and value in applying it to support enhancing existing goods / services ?
Bills on DP operating costs are reliable.
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to execute sales?
information systems chief executive is evaluated for overall quality performance .
true ? true false ?
our organization uses uniquely built or customized , rather than canned , or even generic , applications designed to facilitate information exchanges with our partner
My work environment allows me to meet the expectations of my supervisor in performing my job.
Wide-ranging - narrow-focused.
symbolic involvement . symbolic input is requested but ignored .
my attention was focused – my body was not focused .
not bothers me to give personal information to so many companies .
working with partner company has led your company to better analyze and redesign processes linked to channel partners to improve on the performance of the different channel partners on the whole .
please indicate the frequency with whom you send messages to other users .
those in my organization who run a pws have a high profile .
how very likely is it that you will be very confident today in the decisions you make by using this information systems ?
please indicate the extent to which the government ' s promotion of information technology influences your firm . use enterprise management planning .
It is difficult to convince top management to approve the methodology.
it increased my skills in critical - thinking .
the web site operator ’ s performance in providing information that is informative to your prospective purchase decision was … ( very poor / very very good )
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on return on assets?
the is department i work in emphasizes growth through acquiring new technological resources . acquiring new products / new services to meet these new challenges is important .
the importance of activity three years from now : support user - developed systems
it also is easy for even me to observe others using pws in my firm .
internet websites are reliable environments in which to facilitate business transactions .
please indicate how highly important the following is in knowledge or what skills are in help supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : ability to learn new technologies
this is breakdown will critically affect one or more of our functional departments .
if anyone wants to permanently change a piece piece of code , they need the permission of the individual ( / s ) that coded it .
specify the answer to what you would reveal ( classified information ) through the internet : unlikely - likely .
i think online shopping can serve the specific needs of each customer .
on average , please indicate the extent to which , , and by the percent of which , test data consists of reused computer components .
the data and information embedded in this business process are not proprietary to our own firm .
it was always a challenging process .
importance of activity three hundred years from now : train and educate is professionals
very low percentage of hardware and systems downtime
Team members in my distributed team are always interested only in their own welfare.
it manages email and maintains personal account records .
time to learn
to do my job effectively , i must act as if i empathize with the same customer , despite my own actual lack of concern .
next time i need to shop for a sports watch , i would like to buy this one .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i define ( technology ) as a ( technology system ) is : flexible to interact with - rigid , interact .
but please rate the effectiveness of your own new product development work unit in performing the following activities relative to your major competitors : group members ensure a fair sharing of their resources .
the methodology does not sufficiently involve the top management .
to aid me in working ( accomplishment of work ) , overall , i feel ( myself ) as a ( technology type ) is : non - ineffective
the web site ’ ' s performance in providing information that is clear in meaning was : … ( very poor / very not good )
please indicate how important the statement following is knowledge or skills which are used in turn supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to learn about business functions
i could complete the whole job using just a software package if i had really never used a package like it before .
i intend to use dms on this job for the next one month .
to me , a web vendor that is honest in its dealings with its customers is wrong .
relative to other comparable is [MASK] , how did your most recently completed project impact on quality , produced work ?
data security security and privacy
User confidence in systems
use titles to change the “ home or ” position ?
dr . x also encourages a cooperative working environment .
Next time I need to shop for a PDA as a gift for a friend, I would like to use a website with characteristics similar to those of this website.
Accuracy of output information
i cannot get your data current enough to meet my needs .
I am satisfied with the accuracy of the system.
Work on organizationally important projects
Availability and timeliness of report delivery to users
Understanding the information needs of organizational subunits.
obtaining authorization to access data that might be useful in my job is time consuming and difficult .
we have enhanced economies of living in human resources .
ceo ' s s perception of it ' s importance to the firm
we have enhanced economies of scale and technological resources .
the web site ’ s performance that is very responsive to meet your request and was … ( very poor / very good )
but is this percentage for microcomputers linked by lans ?
i quickly look at all the information contained in the ess as the mood strikes me .
- - - this makes information easy to access .
knowledge about specific goals and objectives of the organization ( i . g . the corporate wide business entity ) . . . . for no use / of absolute necessity
overall , they believe that a pws is easy to use .
in general , the organization has supported the development of pcs .
I plan to increase my use of --- over the next year.
it takes them long to learn how to use a pc to make it worth an effort .
supplier that keeps abreast with latest technological engineering developments .
what old are you , within the next few years ? : write or call a company to complain about the way it uses personal information .
using a pws system improves my image within the organization .
how do you really evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to and execute marketing ?
using a pws system increases my productivity .
shopping from x is an efficient way to occupy my time
communications between is [MASK] staff and managerial users
Communication about evaluating or revising drafts.
The project manager’s behavior shows that he or she cares a great deal about our being a good design team.
but for me , getting products at bargain prices within the next 30 days is very important .
At the time that your organization was being encouraged to adopt EDI, approximately what percentage of purchases (dollar value) were from this firm?
overall , how much effort ( both in time and energy ) did you actually spend so that your system and your business and processes fit each other ?
independent contractors do not make false claims .
It is likely that I will buy this product.
using - - - is ( not so / very enjoyable )
how much effort ( in time / resources ) can you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system ’ s interface ?
i make errors even when using electronic mail
transfers business know - how to you ( 2011 ) .
decision - making responsibilities in our is group were pushed down to the lowest organizational level .
is support for users when preparing proposals for new systems
our is group often uses temporary task teams in resolving problems that arise .
reduced response time .
improving system responsiveness to changing user needs
to what extent is your or is department using booch at present ?
training progressed from scientific facts to general conclusion .
Processes used for formulating IT strategy are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
now i randomly browse through information contained in the ess .
Reliability of software.
I would find it more convenient to purchase the policy on the web than through an agent.
given the resources , opportunities and knowledge one takes to use the system , that would be easy for anyone to use the system .
and to just what extent does the ess enable you to challenge your perspectives ?
... this business partner is sincere and genuine
how do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in not applying it to support entering new financial markets ?
dr . x . is willing to listen to work - related problems .
with respect to all the client team involved in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate only the extent to which you agree with or disagree with the following policy statements : the client team has strong relationship management capabilities .
my boss did not require me to use a pws .
dealing with all the members of this team often leaves me feeling irritated , and frustrated .
to what extent do you agree more with the action you suggested in the message ?
When system changes are necessary, can the changes be easily and quickly implemented?
my work environment allows me to also get help from my female supervisor when needed .
improving coordination with supplier / distributor partners
tmt members , and i share very many common common interests ( sports , hobbies , cultural interests , etc )
by complaining about bad services , i can prevent other consumers to experiencing the same problem .
it was possible for me to buy the strength of my imagination easily .
the other five members of the new group don ' t seem to respect my contributions .
the overall performance of all the team will be evaluated by the extent to which project or goals have been accomplished , regardless of of how the goals were accomplished .
Does the student information system have errors in the program that you must work around?
use of a national steering committee for developing and monitoring the information system
I'm concerned that companies are collecting too much personal information about me.
they work on professionally important projects
i feel there is less spread of knowledge among coworkers for fear of being exposed .
using an internet tv is enjoyable
this seller list is likely to be reliable .
our is improve the efficiency performance of our day - to - - day business operations .
learning to operate a pws is hard for me .
there are few errors in the information i obtain only from - - -
how likely is it that your firm intends on deliver it within the next 6 months ?
extent : to which the formal policies on parameterization of design / code are implemented .
i feel that i will not be able to count all my team members that help me .
the proportion of departmental female co - workers who use a pc
you have to sacrifice my classes and weekend time to keep current on new technologies .
a news site ’ s performance in providing information that is credible or … ( much lower then you thought / much higher than you thought )
If I required help, the vendor would do its best to help me.
your firm using it within the last six months would be : positive - negative .
members of in this group value sharing knowledge .
i was able to finish homework assignments by deadlines
strategic rationale for investing in businesses is ( investing in all or almost all of the business units … common across most or almost none of the business units )
system responsiveness to changing user ;
for what extent have the key areas and full detail of it work become incorporated into the development plan ?
data protection security and privacy
during the last message to booksamillion . com i was deeply engrossed in the story .
the simple processes of ordering goods and services are convenient .
please also rate the effectiveness level of your new product development and work unit in the following activities , relative to your major competitors : we are successful in learning new things within this group .
using ( system ) or a ( technology platform ) enables me to ( complete tasks ) more quickly .
the organization has standard practices to support its product integration strategy for developing or integrating components , including providing the product to the customer after a cpc solution was deployed .
to / what full extent is your / is department using ssadm ( structured systems analysis and design method ) at present ?
they make it easy to work for other network members because they use common open source tools and conventions .
could the security information system provide output that is exactly what you need ?
The extent to which this community helps you to get information.
projects whose primary benefit is providing new decision support and information to middle and lower levels of risk management .
The customer service team at the online store will address any concerns that I have.
i am flexible when we interact with the world - wide web
Data dictionaries or data directories are useful to me in locating or understanding the meaning of corporate or divisional data.
strategic is when planning is viewed as a primary means of controlling the growth of technology .
CEO involvement in reviewing consultant's recommendations.
on average , how predictable are each of all the following at the start of a software development project in building your own organization ? actual resources like that would be required to complete the project .
relative to the comparable is projects , what did your most recently completed project depend on efficiency of operations ?
please indicate exactly how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the current computing needs of your company right now : ability to accomplish assignments
to that extent do you believe that the communication you provided to the project executive regarding the final status was : incomplete - complete
product has a very significant risk of warranty liabilities .
to what benefit does the ess enable you to expand its scope ?
using an electronic meeting system makes it [ would make it ] easier for groups to work with to work out specific tasks .
but given the resources , opportunities and knowledge that it takes to use the system , it would be easy enough for me to use the system .
electronic communication enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly
no direct involvement . users are unwilling or not invited to participate .
the digital images used in the website are satisfying .
Shopping from X makes me feel like I am in another world
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Information technologies that are most closely associated with this outsourced IS activity are likely to remain fairly stable in the short term.
our systems development methodology helps to help increase the productivity of the application software developers .
what do you believe is the risk , for regular internet users due to the possibility , that personal information could be made available directly to unknown individuals or companies without knowing your knowledge ?
firms consider the quality and reliability of other member firms before doing business for them .
i have control of using the system .
The tools provided by the site ensure I get the product.
i think that was the online store that i purchased from performs the service right .
is is looked at as being a competitive resource .
the product that i ’ ve just examined looks good .
Our systems development methodology defines our desired systems development practice.
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to execute inbound logistics?
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to be self-directed and proactive
our systems - development methodology provides a useful list of possible systems - development activities .
using the exact same system increases the productivity of you and my staff .
using the crm system is actually not too similar to anything that i ’ ve done before
pragmatic , not dogmatic in all matters of ethics
accuracy determination of output information
i believe that my organization reviews logs of its employees ’ computing related activities on a regular basis .
completeness value of output information
Our IS enable us to develop detailed analyses of our present business situation.
please note how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing operations of your company two years from now : ability to connect closely with clients and maintain productive user or client relationship
my supervisor still does not require me to use the system .
i am not relying on internet vendors to meet their obligations .
i would not trust the validity of quotes provided by the web more than those provided by such an agent .
This virtual advisor constrained my choice of possible approaches it can use to generate recommendations
for competitive advantage .
ideally we should have used the ems in a different technical way .
cio primarily uses business terminology when dealing with tmt members
Our team members had developed a clear understanding of how each business function should be coordinated.
using of the crm system goes against what , i believe computers should be used for
how satisfied were you with your team ’ due process ?
the information systems / data processing staff kept me posted concerning progress and / / work [ before system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
In terms of my preferred way of selecting a digit camera, the approach this visual advisor used to generate recommendations was rigid
working in a small team is helping me learn how and coordinate the efforts of everyone on the team .
i feel nervous or rushed .
she felt lost .
this systems development methodology helps us achieve the goals of our is department .
is department profitability ( from chargeouts used for services such as a profit center )
i must act like i care about customers ' ’ concerns even when that i find making it hard to be interested .
changes result in the importance of different inputs ( thus increasing the power of their related persons ) to the solution of problems .
in this team we can talk freely with the other about difficulties we are having and know that others will agree to listen .
being online gives me greater control .
Use the “Help” feature to find information?
How much influence do you have in establishing rules and procedures about how your work is to be done?
schedule of activity three years from now : develop application system – purchase and tailor
the availability and timeliness of report delivery to users
shared understanding of how is can also be used to further increase productivity of our organization ’ s operations
incentives used for aligning interests in it talent towards business goals are ( unique across all or almost all of the business categories … common across all or almost all of all business units )
Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: harmful - helpful.
and quality of the flexibility i experienced was ; very low - very high .
volume of output information is provided by the system
purchasing this product from this web vendor would save me money , within the very next 30 days .
While Doug Watson is using the software at work at Architects Unlimited, one of his colleagues happens to pass by and notices the new software.  This person shows strong interest in making a copy of the software.  Doug Watson lets him make a copy of the software.
his performance of the web site that in fact , is easy to navigate was … ( far lower then you thought / much higher than you thought )
our philosophy of doing business best is driven by the need instead of putting customers first
this website is helpful for me to understand the performance of creating the commercial product .
important decision made by individuals
Do you insist that the detailed systems design report be formally approved by the manager of the operating function involved before programming begins?
use dms in my job to increase my productivity ( e . g . , make my shift faster ) .
training programs the opportunities provided to local talent are ( unique in all or almost all ) the business units . common across all or almost all of the business units )
your participation in making decisions and about computer resources
i am bound by the technology to do more work than i can handle .
please also indicate here how important the following program is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing technology needs of your company three years from now : systems analysis / structured analysis
I know exactly what is expected of me.
reducing the time needed will make it much less difficult / easier for me to get information about this product .
relevancy of economic output
processes used for identifying and recruiting it talent are ( unique in all or almost ) all of the business units … but common , across all or almost all aspects of the business units )
I like to drive as little as possible to shop.
we develop comprehensive analyses of each business opportunity or situation we face .
opportunity opportunities to practice learning points .
The performance of the Web site that in general, provides good access was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
I have seen what others do using their PWS.
but for me , being able to print books for a low price tag is : unimportant - important .
i have also not before seen many others using a pws in my department .
using a pws improves the quality control of work i do .
he is a competent and knowledgeable auction broker / intermediary .
How much influence do you have in determining what tasks to work on from day to day?
i do believe i have the ability to save a file .
this single task can be performed fairly independently of others .
how much do those impacted on by the change support the initiative ?
the business procedures and routines of my own unit are highly coupled with the ones of our customers
how very much has your systems design and programming staff increased over the last two years ?
why are systems development resources constantly shifted together to respond to crisis situations facing the organization ?
every web site that is fun to use is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
How would you characterize the possibility of using the data exchange offered by this vendor to carry out purchasing transactions?  Potential for gain - potential for loss.
is has up - to - date hardware & software
you have not met many others using a pws in my department .
this web service vendor would not seek to take advantage of only me if i purchase this product from it .
how credible is using the logic chain linking to the benefits claimed with the direct outputs of the work ?
using a student information system improves my job experience .
This section pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: During unscheduled and informal interactions with the vendor team around the office, client team members provide significant feedback to the vendor teams.
becoming a pws improves my image within the organization .
The provision of training courses I originally expected was; very low-very high.
to what extent could the project executive distinguish between effective and nearly ineffective systems development actions contained in the project ?
i have not noticed any others using a pws in my department .
quality requirements within information systems are very specific .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus action of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced collaborative activity , please indicate the extent to to which either you either agree with or disagree with the following statements : this collaborative activity cannot be readily duplicated even by other organizations .
this website is helpful to me who understand the performance of the product .
Firms believe that the size of the network makes it easy to know the competencies and activities of other members.
I intend to continue using the Internet TV during the next three months
how so many reporting levels are between you and the ceo ?
supplier that shares their proprietary technology with you .
My job would be difficult to perform without electronic mail
the same information content meets my needs .
- - - allows information can be readily accessible to me .
in this team , one has to be alert , or someone else is likely to take advantage of you .
working with this distributed team is helping me learn how you rapidly implement new team ideas .
the methodology fails to analyze the current strengths and failures in the is department .
other firms consider it important to be regarded by other members such as being professionally competent .
the impact of new systems development ( with respect of time , cost , quality , disruptions )
our mobile end - user help desk system is well staffed by knowledgeable individuals .
Overall, how do you feel about the website that you identified: frustrated - contented.
individual contribution
i may be willing to share my specifics of the legal issue with legaladvice . com .
i can save time by just using this website .
this section pertains to : the usage of requirements documentation , provided by the client in this outsourcing arrangement . but please indicate the extent to which you agree or you disagree with the three following policy statements : performance appraisal of the vendor or team is dependent , in part , on the extent to which they will meet the requirements provided them by the client .
voice of praise
our company relies heavily on is more efficient operation .
Adequacy of training provided.
the tools provided by the site help help me as a customer track ongoing internet usage .
Significant weight will be placed upon timely project completion.
most aspects of our software applications work seamlessly across our channel partners
it would prove very hard for me to leave my organization right now even if i had to .
improved customer information service .
i prefer complex problems to large problems .
We tend to be number-oriented and analytical in our operations.
Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of IT tools (e.g., collaborative design tools) for seamless virtual product design reviews in the new product development process.
dr . x is capable of balancing both administrative duties and research .
Coordinating the development efforts of various organizational subunits.
our team does however take time to combine various pieces of code as they are developed .
ceo ' s personal participation in firm ' s management of it
our systems development methodology helps to better estimate on the size of the system to be developed .
in more general , most folks keep their promises .
i could easily complete the job using a word processing package if i had seen someone else else using it just before trying it myself
an individual formally responsible for coordination ( e . , g . , a group project manager ) .
this system ensures the performance of my organization .
.
it enabled for us to make decisions more quickly .
once the trial period is over , i will recommend that my fellow merchants all get a smart - card payment transfer system .
It is important to make shopping easy.
compared to your competitors , how does the organization compete on ability to charge competitive prices for software and current product lines ?
and because the contractors were previously part of the client organization , i expect the contractors to suggest more initiatives focused on technology issues related to client organization than to other vendors .
while browsing this website , i had the urge towards purchase items outside my specific shopping goal .
often , am disappointed with the other members of this design team .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity management is the primary focus of your team involved in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : information technologies that we are most closely closely associated with performing this outsourced is activity are likely to remain relatively fairly financially stable in the very short - term .
the average quality of information availability i experienced online was ; very low - very high .
be easy to become skillful
Disseminating General Information
what is in your general knowledge of traditional system development life cycle ?
i knew that i could count on legaladvice . com for help with this crucial legal problem .
i am able to change to the normal way of working in the nop system reasonably well as my own .
hot ? why cold ?
were you the leader of this project team ?
evaluate the cost for product design and prototyping after the cpc solution is deployed .
how long have you been with your current wife ?
evaluate about the cost of product design and prototyping after the ibm cpc solution was deployed .
I became more interested in the “community-first” concept.
I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
the training clearly showed me how to be more cost effective with computers .
all processes of ordering goods and services are convenient .
importance of activity now : support for existing portfolio of applications
Work makes me too tired or irritable to participate in or enjoy family life.
plan of activity three years from now : integrate networks
i will use all this business always to do shopping in any more urgent situations .
our systems development methodology helps to improve overall quality of the systems .
i received excellent online service from many sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace in the past .
extent to extent specific policies to promote development of reusable design / code are implemented .
compared to others , i am more sensitive about the different way online companies handle my personal financial information .
decisions in what is planning are tightly linked to the organization ’ s strategic action plan .
sometimes using a student information system enhances my effectiveness on the job .
the overall performance of the web site that is easy to use was … ( much lower than you thought / not much higher than you just thought )
i became more interested in the “ community - first - ” concept .
I feel comfortable working with a computer.
currency of brazil .
works together independently ( i . e . , minimal reliance on you [ the customer ] ) helps in getting the job done .
our information systems development methodology helps in defining useful milestones for our systems development and projects .
overall responsiveness of software to applications .
Purchasing this product from this Web vendor would save me money within the next 30 days.
easy to find use
The ability of the support service people to keep accurate records I experienced was; very low-very high.
if problems such long delays arise , the contractors are honest with the problems .
to select - out specific records from a lotus database according to a specified criterion ?
what is your general knowledge of electronic data - interchange ?
My level of familiarity with the system
the attitude of the support and service towards people i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
increasing the proportion of workers is department ’ s effort expended in the creating new systems
high accuracy of reports .
it seems likely that i will actually bid for shares from sellers in amazon ’ store auctions in the near future .
it is pleasant to simply follow and use the menu structure .
supplier that shares detailed information on improving their cost structure .
this section pertains to the common usage of project plans in implementing this outsourcing software arrangement . * please also indicate the extent to which you agree with or disagree with the following statements : the software client provides feedback directly to the vendor team on the extent to which the vendor team follows the project plan . *
Learning to operate a PWS is easy for me.
a low percentage of hardware repairs and systems downtime
I think that the online store I purchased from performs the service right.
Using a student information system makes it easier to do my job.
overall , i am very satisfied with using the information system .
why are there effective quality assurance processes planned for the program ?
importance range of activity now : develop in - house applications
This seller is likely to keep my best interests in mind.
Importance of Job
the very extent to what which this community helps you to learn how to do things .
for me , saving money within the entire next 30 days is important .
i was able to effectively make changes to reflect the formalized agreement of work to be being done [ ... during system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
I believe I could communicate to others the consequences of using a PWS.
sisp output fails to include an overall personnel and training management plan for the is [MASK] department .
Are appropriate resources available to the program from business areas affected by the program?
because of competition from his brokerage family , a stock - broker recommended a type of bond that he did not find a good one .
to obtain reliable auto insurance price quotes .
The degree of personal control the user has over which IS services are received
your firm ’ s present and future products , markets , and strategies , and ;
online with companies that have my personal information provide better value than those without companies holding my personal information .
in interacting with customers , i must suppress irritation i sometimes feel .
and to what extent do you now feel that the communication you received from your chief project executive was : untimely - timely
I would recommend use of this data exchange to other colleagues who may be faced with similar ordering needs as the one described in my case.
i also plan to hopefully use the system in the next < n > months .
it showed me how to focus more on identifying the central issues .
companies should have better procedures to correct possible errors in personal information .
capacity management : exclusively internal - not external
using this web site made me feel … ( frustrated / contented )
i believe such a pws is cumbersome to use .
task forces are frequently used in our is [MASK] to handle critical issues .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company two years from now : execute , plan , organize and execute projects
people in my organization who use a pws system have a very high profile .
correcting poor school performance
decisions in is planning are tightly tied to an organization ’ s strategic plan .
I am concerned about how much I can trust the vendor.
i feel burned out from his work .
indicate your level of knowledge about all current hardware ( e . g . , computers , communication networks ) assets of any business entity ?
using a computer involves too much time doing mechanical operations ( e . g . , data processing )
information that is not applicable to your purchase decision is … ( not important , at all / extremely important )
i find ( would find ) using the mail to be enjoyable .
I created the user procedures manual for this system.
where necessary , members of this group try and simplify existing code without changing its functionality .
- client / coworker feedback
i also would be willing also to provide credit - card information on the legaladvice . com web site .
completeness of output .
and given the resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes to use each other tool ( [ both the spreadsheet ] and my calculator ) it probably would be easier still for me simply to choose [ the spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator itself for the assignment .
i am concerned that companies are getting so much personal information about me .
importance of activity three years from now : to integrate networks
consumer online access is really a matter of consumers ' right to exercise responsibility and autonomy over decisions about how their information is collected , used , and accessed .
i use chat rooms to talk to people from this community frequently .
the performance of the web site that provides a mere few clicks to locate information was … ( : much lower than you initially thought / very much higher than you thought )
How well did the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of  providing infrastructure support (e.g., facilities management) specified in the SLA?
please rate the effectiveness by highlighting your new product development work unit uses the use of information technology tools that analyze and measure work , tasks , and processes in a new product development process .
What is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in reviewing project design with others?
for this adjective , please circle into the number one that best matches to a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : spontaneous
firms use face - to - face board meetings to coordinate activities .
but in terms of my preferred way of selecting a six digit camera , the approach that this visual advisor used to generate recommendations was rigid
to what extent are also you willing to use the internet to directly retrieve highly confidential personal and password - protected financial information ( e . g . , using websites , that allow you directly to access my bank account or my own credit card account ) ?
firms believe that opportunistic behavior by one member and the expense to other participants is unlikely .
this website recommends products which potentially interest me .
use of a pc will increase the opportunity to gain job - security .
the technical level and the support service people i experienced was ; very low - very high .
system responsiveness to changing the user needs
This business process is common among our competitors.
using the exact same card system enhances the on - the - job effectiveness of me and of my support staff .
learning to operate the exact card system was easy enough for me and my office staff .
this section pertains to business usage and services specifically provided by the client in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree but disagree with the following statements : the client assesses the extent in which your vendor team meets the requirements specified by the vendor .
i would trust the validity of quotes provided directly by the web more than those provided directly by an agent .
The appearance of the site is in keeping with the services it provides.
and how do you evaluate your firm ’ s overall performance in applying it to support enhancing customer linkages ?
it would be unfair to have the original developers of team ems explain how our group designed the game [ would view our group ’ s use of the system as inappropriate ] .
members of this group think they should be free .
I could complete the job using a software package if I had used similar packages before this one to do the same job.
on paper , how predictable are some of the following at the time of a new development project in your organization ? the actual quality of the finished software .
working with partner company has helped help you learn how to perform new ( or additional ) acting roles in the channel .
when suddenly i hear news about a new web site , i often find an excuse to go visit it .
There are few errors in the information I obtain from ---
Learning to operate CHART-MASTER would be easy for me
It usually bothers me when online companies ask me for personal information.
each person providing the dms training was trustworthy .
team members know who on the team has specialized skills and expertise that is relevant to their community .
our firm has automated automated ordering process of production goods ( raw materials ) .
a third person ( or group ) is available for assistance for software difficulties .
overall , our systems management development methodology helps to develop better systems .
we can easily share our data with all our customers
you make work more interesting
our software development methodology helps to get the systems accepted .
which means the following best describes the problem is executive ’ s involvement with the top management team ?
overall leadership success success . ( a leadership failure ? a leadership success )
please rate the importance of this supplier to support your organization at the time your organization itself was being strongly encouraged to adopt edi .
improve the efficiency of existing service .
the network is designed to help enable members to gain greater access to the skills / expertise of other members .
members of this team feel comfortable changing any part of the existing source code at any one time .
Meaningless? Meaningful?
in your past 3 months , how ever did difficult problems arise within your work for which there were no immediate or apparent means for dealing with the problems ?
how would you describe your group ’ s puzzle solving skills ? satisfying / dissatisfying
evaluating the product on this website is compatible with how i make products in physical form .
the latest information related to essential goods and services is adequately provided .
i often perform work for two dozen or more parties who might operate quite differently .
The tools provided by the site help me control the use of my product.
on my last visit to booksamillion . com i became frustrated .
the enthusiasm of x ’ s internet site chat is catching ; it picks on me up
Highly satisfied with return on investment.
a low percentage of hardware / systems downtime
changing to the brand new way of people working with , the nop system would improve the quality of the work i do than working in the current standard way .
second preference
based solely on the reports provided to tell you about the web site , do you expect that that the web site in general , is user friendly ?
the quality of the information relevance i experienced today was ; very low - very high .
this seller is likely to have my best interests in mind .
please rate : effectiveness of your new product development work unit through the following activities relative to your major tasks : we provide an appropriate allocation of data ( i . g . , information , time , reports ) within our group .
atm processing : exclusively internal - - exclusively external
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to support being a low-cost producer?
to indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company : : ability to access new technologies
the tools provided at the site allowed me to establish my product requirements .
our working group reached mutual understanding on how we should use the electronic group meeting system to perform our task .
i expect to use mds frequently in just the future .
I am not getting as quick a turnaround as I need on requests for new reports or data.
it usually bothers me when companies ask me for some personal information
rapid application of modern database technology
Companies should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
anyone i work with think i should use the internet tv
" i am concerned about misuse of personal information .
Importance of know how long a company will retain information they collect from me in their database.
With respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The vendor team is honest and truthful.
what do you believe is the risk for regular internet users due to the way this personal information may be made available to government agencies ?
Freedom in how to do job
The information in this e-mail is…valuable/worthless
you can easily share our data with our customers
the underlying technology used for the software .
companies should take more steps to make certain that these people cannot access personal information in their computers .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product / work groups during the following activities relative to your major tasks : we are fully aware who in this group has specialized skills and knowledge relevant to our work .
the methodology makes inappropriate statements about organization site .
the methodology fails to assess an external technological environment .
in general , information information that is useful in your purchase decision is … ( often not very important at all / extremely important )
i might complete the job using the spreadsheet package if i used the lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided .
the cost of interacting directly with other network members is low .
i also am comfortable letting other team members take responsibility for tasks , which are critical to the project , or even when i cannot monitor them .
overall groups i work with find [ and find ] an ems easy to maintain .
the requirements identified at the beginning of the project were quite different from those identified toward the end .
Overall long term flexibility of software.
I 'd like to work with this group again.
i would oppose the change to the completely new way of working with the nop system .
Selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor was too complex
online companies fulfill their promises about collecting data and using personal information of all their customers .
because { subordinate } uses software process for improvements { the subordinate } is more productive in his or her own work .
Sometimes it is difficult or impossible to compare or aggregate data from two different sources because the data is defined differently.
a service that actually fits into my workstyle is : the bad - good .
# my organization has specific guidelines that describe acceptable use of e - mail mail .
My ability to critically analyze “community-first” issues was improved.
How would you rate your overall expectations of the quality of the purchasing (process) from this website?
that it will lead to excessive downtime in our operations .
i could complete almost the whole job simply using the software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as i go .
evaluated in initial drafts .
strategic strategic planning for is is initiated at the three highest levels of the organization .
importance of activity now : analyze software and – evaluation & selection
i feel assured all legal and technological structures adequately protect me from problems with the internet .
i am concerned about security for internet servers .
All the personal information in computer databases should be double-checked for accuracy—no matter how much this costs.
I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
it also is not easy for me to become skillful at using the crm system
pcs are okay for some jobs . never the kind of job i want .
i believe i have the ability to write a mathematical formula in a spreadsheet and perform mathematical operations .
please rate your personal knowledge about relational database management systems .
how much friction is out there among members of your team ?
based upon the reports provided to you on the web site , do you expect information on the web site to be reliable ?
It is easy for me to observe others using PWS in my firm.
using a pws improves their image within the organization .
please rate the effectiveness by which the new products development work unit uses the effectively tracking rapidly growing needs and update project deliverables in real time in the new product development process .
market activities of your key competitors ( 1 = have become far more predictable ; 4 = internal competition ; 7 = has become far less unpredictable ) .
because { subordinate } uses software process improvements { 1 } is not productive in his / her work .
please evaluate your level of knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive in the firm ’ s existing and future products , markets , business strategies , and production processes .
the java programming language used for coding the software .
for me , being able to easily operate equipment on their behalf was : ( unimportant / important ) .
i find it cumbersome to use with the electronic mail system
- i : dislike - like the idea of using the crc .
If our organization required help, this business partner would do their best to provide assistance
when business requirements change , it is easy to change the format and format for data currently available by our computer systems .
during my last brief visit to booksamillion . com , i concentrated fully on the activity .
companies should not use personal data for any purposes unless it has been authorized through the person who provided the information .
as you have indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of organizing your team in this outsourcing team arrangement . with respect only to outsourced activity , please indicate the full extent to to which you agree with or disagree with the following statements : this activity cannot be readily duplicated easily by other organizations .
Please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm's senior IS executive in how your competitors are applying IT in their business.
but considering the time and effort that tomorrow i have to spend , the change up to the whole new way of working with the nop system is worthwhile .
in terms of my preferred way of selecting a digital camera , a virtual advisor ' s thought processes for his recommendations were restricted
the auction listing design was innovative
In relation to other project design teams you have been a member of or observed, how does your design team rate on your reputation for work excellence?
when you complete a critical task , how often are your conclusions based on adequate , external information ?
Using an EMS makes it [would make it] easier for groups I work with to carry out their tasks.
managers working within the our is group tend to disagree on the overall mission of is within the enterprise .
i didn ' t know how to get into my desired location .
overall , successfully using the crc will be advantageous .
safe ? free ?
generally speaking , i want and do what my parents think i should do .
a shared view of the role of is as a competitive weapon for our social organization
the web site had excited my curiosity .
to what extent are you willing to use the internet and conduct sales transactions through e - business sites that require them to provide credit card information ( e . t . , using it for purchasing goods or software ) ?
time - restricted .
using booksamillion . com can increase my online shopping effectiveness .
Interacting with the system does not require a lot of my mental effort.
employees will have the knowledge and do their job well
the data maintained by the data exchange is pretty much what i need to balance out those tasks .
a web site that is able to navigate through … ( not important at all / extremely important )
members of this group believe free software works better than commercial software .
Companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to plan and execute work in a collaborative environment
the systems development methodology helps to increase the productivity of the system developers .
we are comfortable dealing with web - based information technologies .
in more general , sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay market ’ s auctions have fulfilled the most very important contractual obligations to me during our transactions . ( in reverse )
relevance of report contents ( its intended function )
Shared view of the role of IS as a competitive weapon for our organization
it is very difficult for our customers and replicate how we do this business process .
please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm ' s senior is senior executive in your client firm today ’ s competitors .
A specific help support person or group is available for assistance with system difficulties.
In general, LegalAdvice.com is very knowledgeable about the law.
they will tell users exactly when services will be properly performed
the shopping from x ’ s internet site makes my life easier
my organization educates employees on their national security responsibilities .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to confirm your understanding of the business?
Have metrics and time-based targets been established for key outcomes/benefits?
i frequently dealt with ill - defined business problems .
A service that will improve my grades is: (bad/good).
I find (would find) using Electronic Mail to be enjoyable.
operational threat reduction .
a performance of the web site that is responsive to your request was : ( much lower as you thought / much lower than you thought )
Using the CRC is a (foolish/wise) idea.
learning to become skillful
right now , to what extent do i feel irritable ?
working with pcs becomes so complicated , it is difficult to understand what is goin on .
Vendor demonstrations
People in my organization who use a PWS have a high profile.
for me , deciding whether or not i have trouble with reading my own disks is : unimportant - important .
in my opinion , i usually did not have to refer matters to a direct supervisor for a final decision .
Technological developments and/or other innovations in business operations: much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
Team members participate in project planning.
I get a personal feeling of satisfaction doing my job
frequently , in a mindset of using data to address some issue , one may decide to restate the problem and access some different data than was even at first planned .
the gaining market share is more important than cash flow .
knowledge about : the goals and objectives of what the organization ( i . e . the corporate wide business entity ) is . . . of no use / but of absolute absolute necessity
using - - - enhances my effectiveness while on the job .
based on all the reports provided to you about the web site , do you really expect that the web site itself is easy to use ?
i won ' t care what happens with the organization as long as i get my paycheck
our organization emphasizes teamwork and dealing with new technology - based problems .
Quality data is collected and reported at frequent intervals.
but on the reports provided to you about that internet site , do you expect information on the web site to be credible ?
i believe this customer would deliver to me a product that matches the posted description .
our systems development methodology also helps to involve end - users in systems - development projects .
it is [ would be ] easy for some groups i can work with to become skillful enough at using an electronic meeting system .
please indicate what important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting any professional activities of your company three years before now : - to develop and deliver effective , informative , and persuasive presentations
or please , indicate the frequency with which you access a database , dictionary , diagram , etc . at the same time as another computer user .
often i am disappointed with the other members involved of this design team .
knowing how to use only this system makes me more marketable .
in general , how long can your firm usually want and do what customers / clients think the firm should do ?
i randomly browse through information contained within the ess .
in your industry , is the adoption of edi helpful for allowing an organization can remain competitive ?
i use the ess database to find answers to specific questions .
cio / tmt members have :
to aid me in my ( accomplishment of these tasks ) , overall , can i feel ( system ) used as a ( technology type ) that is : quite useful - quite useless
i expect the speed by volume which this website would provide information to be fast not enough .
how well did the contractors deliver what were promised in terms of providing software as specified by the sla ?
flexibility of data and reports available to systems
they will provide their services at the times they promise to perform so
For me, whether or not I have trouble reading my disks is: unimportant - important.
i have my own schedule for completing assigned tasks .
how much do you evaluate how your firm ' s overall performance in applying it to support having manufacturing / operations flexibility ?
to extent : to which you exchange details of upcoming new product or service - related changes with ( partner company ) .
i will definitely try this again .
there is also a sense of human sensitivity in the website .
CRC will be of no benefit to me.
highly satisfied with sales growth and rate .
the degree of personal personal control the user has over which is how services are received
please , rate the effectiveness by which your new new product , development and work unit fully uses the project history ( e . g . discussions , insights , work data , documents ) readily accessible for reuse .
to what extent did you follow standard operating procedures or practices to properly do your major tasks during the very last last 3 months ?
I believe that this is my favorite retail website
It would be easy for me to become skillful at using CHART-MASTER
the external data processing service - providers would have had to be closely and constantly monitored to ensure that they adhere to our current contractual terms and conditions
i do have pws around for long enough periods to try them out .
emphasizing quantity of industrial output
i believe humans have the ability to enter numbers via a spreadsheet .
in general , the information that is adequate for making your purchase decision today is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
what do you characterize the benefits of using the data exchange offered by the vendor to carry out purchasing transactions ? significant opportunity - significant threat .
Using (system) as a (technology type) enables me to (accomplish tasks) more quickly.
the tools provided by the site inform me when improvements on the site are available
supplier that shares a detailed information on their cost structure .
personal computers ( pc ) management : exclusively internal - exclusively external
they have reduced the risk of technological obsolescence .
he would have no difficulty knowing others about the results of using a pws .
to what extent do the plans always conform to good project management practice ?
to your firm , completing it in the next 6 months would be : under my firm ' ' direction - out of your firm ' s control .
firms consider it important to be regarded positively by other members as both being reliable and trustworthy .
Processes used for managing relationships with IT vendors are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
using this website one can improve my shopping performance .
I have seen a PWS in use outside my firm.
i expect that mds will become available to use whenever i need it .
overall government exercised over the project .
to what extent does the ess enable you not to re - re orient your thinking ?
Does your organization implement the most important projects first?
our process here for strategic planning is very structured .
The level of control I feel over the system
the web site ’ s performance that quickly loads all the text and the graphics files was … ( very / poor / very good )
A Web site that is well organized is… (not important at all/extremely important)
please record average performance in your new product development work unit relative to your major competitors in accelerated time - to - market .
i have the human and material resources necessary to use the system .
learning to operate a pws is easy for most me .
Only certain categories of journal publications count (i.e. “refereed” and/or “editorial reviewed”).
to which degree does the ess enable you to improve your insight into the business ?
our systems development methodology defines our desired systems development in practice .
i am easily distracted by computerized bills .
Use of a PC will increase the opportunity to gain job security.
but highly respected by your peers
Using this website increased my productivity in shopping.
There are constant changes in computer software in our organization.
if you were a highly effective performer in your current job , the probability ( probability ) that you will be admired by your colleagues and peers is . . .
how much do people in your community disagree about opinions regarding the work to be done ?
there is seldom any change in this business process .
all employees have the knowledge to do their job well
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is clear in comparison was : ( extremely poor / very good )
my organization has internal processes that assure that almost all team members will be treated fairly , and equitably .
i could complete half the job using a spreadsheet package if i had seen of someone else else using it before trying it myself
our understanding of the role of is in our organization
overall the effects of this system for my students are : not at all - very much .
there would always be time for email me tomorrow to get information from this website within the next 30 days .
working with partner company has also helped you better to understand the evolving roles of channel players .
we am able to experiment with the pws as necessary .
i find how cumbersome to use the electronic mail system
Organizational technical and support infrastructure are available to help me in case of problems.
but i also had the opportunity to summarize the key aspects of demonstrated computer operations .
ambiguous - less clear .
the overall quality of system reliability that i experienced was ; very low - very high .
' my using a pws requires a lot of mental effort .
using the exact same system is compatible with all aspects of my business ’ sales operations .
I would feel secure in using the landlord/tenant information from LegalAdvice.com.
we can easily also share our data with our channel partners
to what extent is your is department using moses , at present ?
extent to which you exchange for future plans such as as product promotion and product marketing plans , long - term production plans , capital investments , and capacity utilization with ( partner company ) .
Preparation of a strategic plan for developing IS
i would find a lower price for my policy on the web than through an email .
then i could easily complete the job by using a software package if i had a lot of time to complete the job , for which the software was provided .
the opportunity to do challenging work here is important to me
Shopping online improves the quality of decision making.
how likely are you , in the next three years to : write or call an elected official / consumer advocate to complain about the way you use personal information .
the actual process of using the new system is pleasant .
online businesses fulfill their promises about collecting and using personal information of the customers .
do you insist that the detailed system design and report be fully developed as user documentation of the system ?
firms use the expertise and skills of other member firms before doing business with them .
computers make me feel very uncomfortable .
highly satisfied with new product offerings and service development .
available knowledge was of no help when converting user needs to requirements specifications .
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: There are established procedures and practices that can be followed to perform this outsourced IS activity.
In this team, one has to be alert or someone is likely to take advantage of you.
i gained a pretty good general understanding of the “ community - first ” concept .
i expect that my interaction on mds would be brief and understandable .
i like the new product that i ’ ve just examined .
using a pws is often risky .
for our is support detailed analyses of major business decisions .
overall , most of my expectations resulting from using this website were confirmed .
now it is reliable .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to accomplish assignments
a pws computer was available to me to adequately test and run various applications .
Once the trial period is over, I will recommend that my fellow merchants get a smart card payment system.
entry into a new global market .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: assembly language
cost of quality control is analyzed .
difficulties in transferring computer - based data through microcomputers and larger networks .
i would find chart - making master useful in my job
using the internet internet tv is fun
to what extent does taking the ess enable you to reinforce your own beliefs ?
while using the web site i found my visit immensely enjoyable .
online service companies are trustworthy in handling all the personal information of their customers .
a service with equipment that is easy to operate in : bad - weather .
shared understanding of the role part of is in our organization
i use a student information system useful on my job .
Training progressed from facts to general conclusion.
Overall, I am familiar with this site.
I would consider using the site for future purchases.
the technical skills that computer support services staff possess
legaladvice . com is interested in my self - being , if just its own .
The Web site was intrinsically interesting.
i also plan to use online shopping again .
accepts any scope change without additional charge .
using the pws is compatible with all aspects of my work .
i think maybe that using a pws fits very well with the way i like to work .
" the planning procedure is rigid .
ease of access for users to computer facilities or via terminals
site specificity
I don't care what happens to the organization as long as I get my paycheck
to which extent are you willing to use the internet to obtain information from sites that require users to submit accurate personally identifiable registration information , possibly including credit rating information ( i . t . , using sites that provide personalized stock quotes , insurance rates , or loan terms ; or using sexual or gambling websites ) ?
Opportunity for advancement
i have learned a lot from the three other members of this group .
the web site was intrinsically popular .
this section pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree or you disagree with the following statements : client team members will frequently walk around the project sites to and informally gather first - hand personal information about the assigned tasks , their activities , their progress , and other issues involved in this outsourcing arrangement .
Improved competitiveness.
to what extent did you not have confidence and trust , in your project executive regarding his / her her general fairness ?
how sound is the work on cost effectiveness and contingency ?
and my email interaction with booksamillion . com is clear and understandable .
they intend to continue using the www rather than using any alternative technology .
if i use a computer i will increase my sense and accomplishment .
my staff believed i could communicate to others the consequences of using the wild card system .
i could complete the test using the software package if something else had helped me get started .
in this session i will exert great effort in putting the material on frontpage
our industry has automated customer ordering process for production goods ( raw materials ) .
the company provides me guidance on how how to change systems to the new standard way of working with the nop system .
I feel safe in my transactions with this auction seller
i am forced to change my work and to adapt to emerging technologies .
i could complete the process using a word processing package if i had seen someone ever using it before trying it .
and using dms in my job will also improve my performance ( e . . g . , make my work better ) .
how ready , willing and able is the sponsor to make this program a reality ?
i could complete the job using the software , if there is no one around to show me what to do as i go .
i also expect this website to help me carefully evaluate this product .
so i could probably complete the job using a spreadsheet package , if i had only the software manuals for reference .
SISP output fails to designate specific new steering committees.
i concentrated very fully – i did not concentrate fully .
i feel we don ' t have enough time for myself .
The information in this auction listing is sufficiently detailed
The quality of information presentation I originally expected was; very low-very high.
we am motivated to learn the training material in this class .
the training showed me a value of using excel in solving problems .
our major offices also electronically process business documents ( i . g . , invoices , designs , pos ) .
Strategies used for retaining IT talent are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
learning to operate the crm system is difficult for me
application of modern database .
i intend to start using the internet quite frequently during the next three months
" the very senior management of our firm believes strongly that enterprise resource planning will create a significant competitive arena for firms .
i probably could complete half the job using a spreadsheet and package if someone else had helped me get started .
the electronic mail system provides helpful information in performing tasks
switching to the conventional way of working on the nop system could result from unexpected hassles .
my interaction with the electronic mail system is easy for any me to understand
i ' m not always the person i appear should be
sisp output fails in adequately address the role of a permanent is planning group .
take a chance , i would take part in a project similar to the current project .
meeting of deadlines
i like having it .
Have you acted on the content of this e-mail?
I feel a sense of pride in doing my job.
while doug watson is not using the software at work at architects unlimited , one of his old colleagues happens to pass by and he notices the new security software . this person shows strong interest in making a copy of the old software . doug watson then lets him make a fake copy of the software .
i was constant threat to my job security due to new technologies .
your participation in the decisions about computer resources
that it really will increase the speed with which we get things done .
getting information about using this product from this website would be easy .
pcs make computer work more interesting
after using up this great web site , i … ( will never use it again again / will definitely use it again )
if you are a consistently highly effective performer , in your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you will frequently work overtime to successfully meet the deadline is . . .
this network enables seamless hand - off of services between member firms .
Your industry’s practices
when we was using ms excel , we used features that helped you derive insightful conclusions from the data .
How informed are you about the IT budget in your business unit?
overall , i would give the quality version of - - - - a high rating .
i am concerned about providing this information for online companies , regardless of what others might do with it .
i have informal exchanges here with tmt members .
using a student information system made it easier to do my job .
works with edp staff
given my teammates previous performance , we had little reason to doubt their competence and preparation for another team task
sometimes the advantages of the www outweigh the disadvantages .
in relation to other specific project design teams you have been a member of or observed , how highly does your design team rate on your ability ability to meet the goals of the specific project ?
The team is using a nonroutine process to address the problem.
the vendor is interested in my well - being being , and not just its own .
For me, a website that enhances my effectiveness in purchasing products is important.
the quality of information accuracy i originally expected , was ; very low - - very high .
if i really wanted to , i would easily operate any one of the equipment in the crc facility on my own .
the business plan my father developed would convince our consultants to join our new consulting firm .
This website would be useful for getting valuable information about this product.
The senior management of our firm actively established goals and standards to monitor the  enterprise resource planning  project.
access to which you exchange information related of market demand data and forecasts with ( partner company ) .
It is important to minimize payment time.
Invests time in building a good relationship with you (customer).
" i expect to have fun using mds .
the coding and testing techniques used for testing the software .
please also rate the effectiveness by which : your new product development work unit uses the effectively tracking rapidly - changing information to update project deliverables in real time and in the new product development work process .
all things being considered , using the internet tv is either … extremely bad / extremely good
to what extent are unit tests run by all this team ?
i feel unoriginal when we interact with the world - wide web
the virtual workspace or knowledge repository used exclusively by the team enabled me to easily view annotations and comments on knowledge in team ’ ' s repository made available by other team members .
i find that people respond to the posts quickly .
Supplier will make continuous adjustments to cope with changing circumstances.
shopping on the web allows for me to compare prices easily .
i would not change my opinions ( or the correct way i do things ) in order to please like someone else or to win their favor
using a pws is compatible with other aspects of my work .
information that probably is sufficient for your purchase decision is … ( is not important at all / extremely important )
an external data processing service - provider company would be able easily to reduce our information systems personnel costs
it is important for me to become skillful at using the crm .
Please rate your personal knowledge about Electronic Data Interchange (EDI).
easy to just remember
sometimes the online store remembers / even recognizes me as a repeat customer ( after the first time ) .
Think three years ahead or more
using a pws is compatible with all aspects of my current work .
using the crm system will make it easier to do it my job
the [MASK] packages are ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across all or almost all of the business systems )
in intuition thinking ( nt )
how likely is this that your company has the ability to obtain additional employees if needed that could enable your firm to use those in the next few months ?
after using my web site , i was … ( very displeased / very pleased )
overall , i would give that quality - - - - a high rating .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your two major global competitors : management team effectively monitors the progress of this important new product development group .
how very often do you organize the following events for the tmt to increase their knowledge is knowledge ?
Firms find it easy to voice their opinions in network decision making.
most internet sellers and auction sellers are reliable .
in our relationship with ( partner company ) no matter who is at home , problems are always joint issues .
i would probably find it more convenient simply to educate myself about auto insurance policy coverages by reading information from the web site rather than by asking questions of an agent .
I would have (Much more/Much less) control over using [the spreadsheet] for the assignment than over using my calculator.
I like broad choice of products.
job competence the only criterion in hiring people
member firms share a sense of mutual responsibility .
- - - : provides information in a timely fashion .
the people on this team get on my back .
i am concerned about leaking personal information to online companies , and it could be manipulated in a way i did not foresee .
i expect that i would eventually be able to use mds at least anytime , anywhere .
i wish i got more time to do things for the family .
i find dms to be important in my job .
the amount of information updatedness i originally expected was ; very low - very low .
please rate the effectiveness level of your new product development work unit in recurrently evaluating tests to determine basic performance performance against shifting technical specifications relative to all your major market competitors .
how would you describe " your group ’ s problem solving process ? " fair / unfair
I like to have maximum range of quality product options.
and working with a computer makes me nervous .
I would confidently act on the legal advice I was given by LegalAdvice.com.
i could complete the job using a word processing package if there were just a built - in help facility for assistance .
the information from this auction listing is sufficiently detailed
is ' s employees are well dressed and neat in appearance
pre - tax tax profit .
Please indicate the frequency with which you access a database, dictionary, diagram, etc. at the same time as another user.
using an advanced electronic meeting system makes it [ would make it ] easier for groups i work closely with to carry out their assigned tasks .
- this web site is … ( will definitely recommend / will definitely recommend )
Using the system is (unpleasant/pleasant).
thus the performance of the web site that provides only a few clicks to automatically locate information was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you initially thought )
a service having more advantages than disadvantages is : bad - service .
the amount of system flexibility i had was ; very low - very high .
Thinking hard and for a long time  about something gives me little satisfaction.
importance of this activity three years from now : support information access and security
the best people in my team will be friendly .
I am able to remember information presented in class and textbooks
the tools provided me by on the site help me do maintenance on the product .
client / coworker ;
to what extent does the ess code enable you to support your own actions ?
we always had difficulty coordinating our work .
in determining our business relationship with ( partner company ) both sides are concerned about each the other ’ s profitability .
please rate the relative effectiveness of using your npd work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : ... we are quick to respond to significant changes in our major competitors ’ their pricing structures .
i often think of all the things i buy and do in terms of how i actually can use them - to shape a more unusual personal image .
what do i feel about the overall experience of the purchase through this website : very frustrated - very contented .
i could easily complete the job using a full word processing package if i had just the built - in help delivery facility for assistance .
sellers in amazon ’ s auctions are in general , honest .
there is a sense of human warmth in all the website .
after using this new site , i am : ( very dissatisfied / very satisfied )
the web site ’ s performance metric in providing information that is valuable to support your purchase decision was … ( very poor / not very good )
there was no question in our group regarding how it should incorporate the electronic meeting system in our work .
i do believe i have the ability today to actually use a spreadsheet to share numeric information with others .
i believe that a pws was cumbersome to use .
In terms of the features of the Web site that provide the information you need, using the Web site made you… (frustrated/contented)
if i use a computer i will increase my life chances here of getting a raise .
evaluate the length of the system design cycle time after the cpc software was deployed .
I feel confident that Amazon’s Ratings & Feedback mechanism gives accurate information about the auction sellers’ reputation.
the organization has standard practices designed to adequately support its product integration strategy for developing and integrating its components , and delivering the product to the customer after the current cpc solution was deployed .
When I was using MS Excel, I used features that helped me perform calculations on my data.
" please also indicate how important , the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three more years from now : ability to learn about business functions
quality and competence information systems analysts employed by is department
my teammates and i help each other better than most other teams with which we have worked .
purchasing this book from this website would be easy .
she paid close attention to the video demonstration .
highly satisfied and with return on investment .
Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: Reusability as formal part of software development approach
my preoccupation with my current job affects my family life .
there are still frequent upgrades in computer networks in our organization .
network membership is designed to enhance their reputation of member firms .
the employees of many these is - units will understand the specific needs of their users
i think people generally try to back - up their words with their own actions .
organization and the people closed and secretive
decision taking in the is group tends to occur in a decentralized manner .
using the crm system does not fit many ways i view the world
the tag team also has a good “ map ” of each others ' talents and skills .
the unique workspace or repository used by my team allowed me to easily identify historical connections between entries .
my interaction with the internet tv is clear now and understandable
when i use a computer i will increase the quantity and output for the same amount of effort .
line - manager knowledge : in your general view , to what extent does each unit ' s management team recognize , it , as a useful tool to increase the productivity of professional employees ?
they will provide their services at the times they promise to work so
the tools also provided by the site ensure simple delivery .
a phrase which fits into my workstyle is : bad - good .
while the web site user ’ s performance in providing information , that is in general , useful , in your purchase decision was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than what you thought )
based on the reports provided to you about our web site , do you expect that the website site in general , provides good results ?
and i did not exactly have to spend too much effort to complete the transaction .
I feel that the amount of work I do interferes with how well it is done.
extent to extent which you can exchange information on demand shifts and changes in customer preferences . with ( partner company ) .
a service word that fits into my workstyle is : - bad - good .
the senior senior management team of our firm believes that enterprise resource planning has the potential to provide significant business benefits to the growing firm .
and develop strong relationships with our suppliers .
project goals were outlined publicly at the beginning of the project .
please indicate the frequency with which to detect data definition inconsistencies with a data model .
metrics were recalibrated to accommodate changes in the development process .
quality goals within business information systems are very specific .
" i have to constantly update my skills to avoid being replaced .
I have to sacrifice my vacation and weekend time to keep current on new technologies.
there would be significant problems associated with negotiating out a contract or agreement ( e . . g . , agreeing on payment conditions , prices , etc . ) with providing an external service - provider for our global data processing services
please rate overall performance of your new integrated development product unit relative to your existing competitors in overall efficiencies of npd process .
our systems development methodology reminds me in the activities / processes of systems development .
This organization has great deal of personal meaning for me.
Although it might be helpful, using a PWS is certainly not compulsory in my job.
it also is important to minimize pollution .
i would feel much more confident purchasing the policy through the web than buying through an agent .
internet websites are reliable locations in which to conduct business transactions .
all of this team actively engage in unit testing .
To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: incomplete-complete
the systems development methodology helps to keep our software development projects under control .
the quality of the information presentation i experienced there was ; very low - very high .
6 challenging goals
overall , the area was useful for shopping .
user interfaces in systems
employees of facebook understand the specific needs of its users
I intend to use DMS for more of my job responsibilities.
this web vendor will become competent in delivering this product in a timely fashion .
with respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate some extent to which you agree and disagree with the following criteria : the client firm clearly grasps the fundamentals in business as they relate to its business .
The WWW is of benefit to me.
dealing with the others
supplier companies will be able now to satisfy your jit ( just in time ) inventory requirements .
schedule overruns are common in most .
our new organization emphasizes teamwork in dealing effectively with new technology - related problems .
I believe that this vendor would act in my best interest.
and the quality of both the responsiveness of the support service i experienced was ; very low - - very high .
My staff and I find the Exact card system useful to use in our jobs.
our systems development methodology describes the sound way of developing systems .
companies do not use personal information for any reason unless it has been authorized by the individuals that provided the information .
the preparation of a strategic plan for developing is
Compared with other subjects on my mind, personal privacy is very important.
how often was your project executive successful , in overcoming restrictions or in getting you the many things you needed in your job in this project ( things such as equipment , technical personnel , budgets , etc . ) ?
the software in the crc is not compatible either with the other software i use .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: systems integration
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing activity . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the level at which you agree or disagree on the above criteria : business processes that are most strongly associated with this outsourced is activity are likely and be more stable in the short term .
All journal publications count.
my website improves my online shopping performance .
the organization has also provided the necessary resources for me to successfully use the system .
department ' s .
how much would all other employees who might use it have approve of having your firm using it in just the next 6 months ?
working in this development team and helping to learn how to reduce redundancy of information and knowledge in the team .
what percentage is the percentage for business transactions conducted with suppliers / customers when using edi ?
using the site allowed me to shop more quickly .
I could complete the job using a software package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
using the web site made me … ( frustrated / contented )
Overall, our systems development methodology helps us to manage our systems development projects.
How ready, willing and able is the sponsor to make the program a success?
our systems development methodology helps greatly de - crease the field of systems development .
importance of activity three years from now : manage / plan feasibility / evaluation process for new systems development .
it is important to provide quality after - school service .
working in with this fully distributed team is helping me learn how to streamline the team member ’ s internal processes .
on average , please indicate the extent to which , and the percent of software , software code consists from reused code .
and feel a sense of pride in doing my job .
decision - making responsibilities of our is group are pushed down to its lowest possible level .
rate is of innovation of new operating processes , and new products or services in your core principle industry ( 1 = rate has fallen out dramatically ; 4 = no change ; 7 = rate has not dramatically increased ) .
most of the time , they care enough to want to be good , rather than just looking out for themselves .
importance of whether even a site manager is just going to use the information they collect from me in a way that will identify me .
The escrow method in Amazon’s auction marketplace:  guarantees that sellers cannot cheat easily.
an external message processing service - provider would become able to reduce our information systems personnel costs
highly satisfied at new product and service development .
companies should never discuss personal information with other individuals unless it has been authorized by the individuals that provided the information .
members of the team would feel a sense of loss we knew could no longer possibly work together .
A Web site that is easy to use is… (not important at all/extremely important)
the tools provided by this site help you better figure out my product requirements .
SISP output fails to provide a statement of organizational objectives for the IS department.
using an electronic meeting system improves [ would improve ] the performance of groups they live with .
i feel a little bit bit awkward in company and do not show up quite as well as i should
to which extent is your is department of ssadm ( structured systems architecture and design method ) at present ?
our method of doing business is closely linked with our channel partners
aligning is strategies with the strategic objectives of the organization .
the simple task of selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor took too much work time
using a pws improves the quality of work people do .
this web interface was helpful for me to monitor the performance of the product .
that it will create problems in line with our current operations .
assessing the strategic importance of emerging markets .
the benefits of the www outweigh the disadvantages .
for me , feeling more comfortable using a web service provider on my own is : unimportant - important .
using - - - improves my strength to make good decisions .
i find it cumbersome to ignore the electronic mail system
using a pws improves on my job performance .
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site is well organized?
i could complete the job using a software software package if only i had only the software manuals available for reference .
there would be high potential for loss associated with giving ( and the information ) to online technology firms .
i have a defined role within my workgroup .
Business skills training is given to IS personnel.
the currency of output
My experience with using the WWW was better than what I expected.
how to operate the ( task - related ) platform portions of ( system ) are easy for children .
the escrow method for amazon ’ s auction marketplace : so that i will earn what i pay for .
browsing this website , i had a desire to buy some items that did not pertain to my specific online shopping experience goal .
organization is interested in work people do
please rate the effectiveness of your npd and work support unit in the following activities , relative to all your major competitors : we are quick to discuss changes in our customers ’ product preferences .
i think that mds would be reasonably priced .
major new product design innovations are very likely in the production goods we procure .
Suppose that a friend calls me to get my advice in his/her search for a sports watch; I would recommend him/her to buy the product.
they are frequent upgrades in computer networks in our organization .
getting permission to access data which would be useful in my job is time consuming and difficult .
and in your new job , just how important would it be to you to have a good working relationship with your direct superior ?
this business model is common among our competitors .
in the terms of my much preferred way of selecting a digital camera , this virtual advisor ' s reasoning processes for me generating recommendations were restricted
strategic goals for entering in it outsourcing relationships are ( unique in all or almost always , the business units … common across all to almost all of those business units )
i want to test the system in the next < n > months .
this website vendor also gives the impression that it keeps promises and commitments .
constricted ? contracted ?
is - manager business knowledge : how informed is your is management management team about business strategies of each unit ?
I can always rely on LegalAdvice.com in a tough legal situation.
how much do all those impacted by the change support the initiative ?
our software development management approach ( or es ) are designed such that they can be adapted to the productivity goals of individual projects .
as long as the present service plan continues , i doubt that soon i would switch to another website
Members of this team integrate newly coded units of software with existing code.
how much effort ( in time and energy ) did you have recommending or suggesting improvements of this system ' s hardware ?
this organization has a great deal of personal meaning for me .
if software would be compatible even with environment .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: operating systems: minis
i like to create new web sites .
based on my own personal knowledge , skills , and abilities , changing tactics to adopt the new way of working with the nop system would be easy for me .
all human people are born free and equal indignity for rights .
using the crm system created a new business experience for me
in a relationship with ( partner : ) no matter who is at fault , we are considered joint responsibilities .
i would find chart - master easy and use
for me , a service having features that is compatible with any software i use is : unimportant - compatible .
it is department i work in organizational growth through acquiring human resources . acquiring new products / services to meet new challenges is important .
This business partner is truthful in their dealings with our organization
when i wanted to , i could be skillful at making good product marketing decisions on the web .
is breakdown will disrupt overall coordination within our organization .

our systems development task is to improve our is department ’ s reputation for excellent work .
i often find it too complex of me to understand and use new technology .
i : dislike - like the idea of opening the crc .
the chief executives of our firm believe that it is not necessary to use enterprise resource planning to conduct business activities .
Extent to which reuse of code/design components is monitored.
i think that other people consider my ranking ( my reputation ) when they interact with the me .
most of you my teammates can be relied upon to do as they say and they will do .
i am concerned about security considerations for internet commerce .
How often have you participated in and/or led in developing information systems?
i feel i have more to do than i can quite handle .
so please rate your personal knowledge about relational database management system .
supplier that was responsive to your requests .
The tools provided by the site allow me to find where to get a replacement product if mine is not working.
to what degree are unit tests run by this team ?
always be available - not always available .
most of our software applications work seamlessly across our business partners
can all changes made in data files ( i . e . , changing record size or layout , the addition of all new data fields , or elimination of old fields ) be made without changing to all application programs which use these files ?
preparation . a strategic plan for developing is
this section pertains from the situational context in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the conditions to which you agree or disagree from the above statements : client team teams frequently walk around the project sites to informally gather first - person information about specific tasks , activities , progress , and resources in this outsourcing arrangement .
having all the money i needed to purchase products would make it much ... more difficult / easier for me to purchase this product from this web vendor .
importance of activity three years from now : support user - friendly developed systems
in the auction listing , one can find information related to a service
compared to your competitors , just how much does your organization rate on growth rate ?
on average , they rate the performance of amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auction sellers in terms not offering higher quality products .
the performance of the web site that quickly loads all its text / graphics was … ( far lower than you thought / much higher than we thought )
since the electronic mail system often behaves in unexpected ways
it is [ would be ] easy of groups we work with to become skillful at using an electronic voting system .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or experience , currently supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : cobol , or other third generation .
This section pertains to the usage of meetings or conference calls in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: During the meetings or the conference calls, the client provides significant feedback to the vendor team regarding their performance.
in doing my job , i must also portray myself as interested in feeding the customers ’ frustrations even when i don ' ’ t really care .
companies also take more steps to make sure that all personal information in their files is accurate .
i like about the product that i ’ ve just examined .
i find the crm system surprisingly easy to use
how would you describe your group ’ ' s problem solving process ? " fair / unfair
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We carefully interrelate our actions to each other to meet changing conditions.
this business partner is truthful in all their dealings with our organization
i am concerned with misuse of personal information .
Do you explain to users that their review of the detailed design is where benefits are designed into their systems?
The tools provided by the site help me to establish my product requirements.
Firms find it easy to work with other network members because they use common open source tools and conventions.
was there much debate about the issues , concerning this system , between yourself and others ?
In your private life, how importance is thrift?
when these is units promise to do something by a certain time , they still will not do so
when everyone was using ms excel , i felt really absorbed in what i was doing .
when i hear about a new web site , i often will find an excuse to go and visit it .
importance of why , for what purpose , this company is collecting info on me .
1 = a few
members of this team have a good understanding of how code is to being written .
we intend to use dms on my job in my near future .
not satisfied with return on investment .
easy to ever learn
maybe i would be able to use the crc .
performance as a role model . ( poor new role model ? excellent new role model )
pursue : your ideas
it was easy for me to become skillful at using a crm system
to me , saving money within the next 30 days is important .
it increased our speed .
accurate - accurate .
therefore , using the www is advantageous .
incentives systems are used to promote reusability .
Please rate the effectiveness of your NPD work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: we periodically review the likely effect of changes in our business environment on customers.
a fast rate at which websites display information would make this far more convenient / easier for me to get information about this product .
knowledge about these various functions of the organization . extremely low / extremely high .
supplier will modify the agreement rather than stick it to original terms if an unexpected crisis situation arises .
" it will be easier to use than what we use currently .
i interact with tmt [MASK] members on a formal basis ( at e . g . , official meetings . , work - related related phone calls , etc . )
use of a steering committee for planning and monitoring the information system
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development and work unit engaged in the following following activities relative to your four major competitors : we can successfully exploit internal and other external information and knowledge into concrete applications .
employees will never be too busy trying to respond to users ’ requests
and what is your general knowledge of multimedia ?
based on the reports it provided to you about the web site , do not you expect information on the web site to actually be credible ?
it was also a complex process .
the quality of information completeness i felt was ; very high - very high .
it would be all within half my budget to purchase this product from this web vendor within the next ~ 30 days .
please please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing services needs of your own company now : operating systems : minis
my staff and i find the exact identity card system useful to use in our daily jobs .
I plan to use the system in the next <n> months.
financial management
the price in this auction listing is sufficiently detailed
- - - provides me with all the information i know .
it feels a delight to recognize where i am and what i am doing on the business .
using junk mail saves me time
product quality requires significant sharing of your proprietary information with the supplier .
prompt processing of requests request for changes to existing systems
bills on dp operating costs , are accurate .
very personal - impersonal .
i believe she could communicate to you the consequences of using a pws .
Implementing the projects and the data architecture identified in the SISP output requires substantial further analysis.
i formally reviewed work done here by information systems / data processing staff [ during system data definition / during physical design / during software implementation ] .
When I hear about a new Web site, I often find an excuse to go visit it.
they use instant messenger to talk to people from this community frequently .
journal publications did not count at all .
we did not use the ems in the most obvious fashion .
keeps customer staff turnover low during the summer .
the information provided during the dms training training session was informative .
I often think of the things I buy and do in terms of how I can use them to shape a more unusual personal image.
i control the entire content of my job .
If stories in the media criticize this community, I would feel bad.
positive attitude of is positive toward users
also working with the partner company has helped you learn how to perform new ( additional ) roles in creating the channel .
his interaction with this web site is clear and understandable .
ATM processing: exclusively internal-exclusively external
IS breakdown will critically affect one or more of our functional departments.
Employees will be consistently courteous with users
using the methodology requires too much user involvement .
because of pressure from his brokerage firm , as a stock - broker recommended a type of bond that people he felt did not really consider a good investment .
" for adding this adjective , please circle the number that best known matches with a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : uninventive
it thus is often very difficult for our competitors to replicate how we do this business process .
generally speaking , i feel satisfied with this information .
merchants who use the same exact card system have a higher profile than those merchants who do not .
revised another ' s s writing .
given the resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes me to use the system , it would be easy enough for me simply to use the system .
given the data , i predict that they would consider bidding for products from amazon in amazon ’ s auctions in the future .
we frequently share knowledge sharing about our business environment ( and e . g . , about other business relationships ) with our customers
we can easily assess their performance of this business process independent of their performance of our other processes .
our systems development system helps us de - crease the cost of systems development .
in our relationship with ( partner company ) both parties are worried about the other ’ s profitability .
We have enhanced economies of scale in technological resources.
i have ( would have ) fun using my mail .
groups i myself would work with find [ would find ] their interaction with an ems clear and understandable .
have metrics and other time - based targets been established for key health outcomes / benefits ?
LegalAdvice.com is sincere and genuine.
what is your general definition of client - server ?
the planning and flow within our organization can be characterized as a “ topdown ” .
the dr . x has low tolerance of conflict .
members of the club know that everybody on the team approaches their work with professionalism and dedication .
and the performance of the web site that is a very clear design was … ( much lower quality than you thought / much higher than you thought )
i find ( and would find ) electronic mail useful in my job .
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: easy to master - difficult to master
relevancy of science .
our organization has already realized the following important performance outcomes as a result of improving our interactions with this business partner : increased productivity
usually , my direct supervisor does not even have time to approve my decisions before i can take action .
The website displays visually pleasing design.
please also indicate how important the question following is knowledge or skills that are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : network
water resources management : exclusively internal - exclusively external
I look at the information contained in the ESS as the mood strikes me.
it is important to provide quality or after - sale service .
of what extent is it is department using ie ( information engineering ) at present ?
there are a good sufficient number of reputable external customer service - providers who potentially could provide the is facilities and services to our banks
but for future ( task - oriented ) platform tasks that are totally within my control , i would probably use ( the system ) as such a ( task - oriented ) platform .
Dr. X asks people affected by his decisions for their ideas and opinions.
- - - effectively integrates data from different product areas of the data company .
Information systems management has clear quality objectives.
this system improved the operations of the organization .
on this site , it was easy and find the information i needed .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major business competitors : all group 2 members manage to successfully interconnect all their activities .
to what extent does the ess system enable for you to increase your focus ?
my organization provides employees with education on computer software and copyright laws .
companies should never sell the personal information stored in their computer databases to other software companies .
importance is of knowing why , for what purpose , the company is collecting info from me .
my new job is enjoyable .
ease of access for users to computer facilities via ;
to average , how predictable are each of the following : the start of your software development project in your organization ? actual developer - time required for the project .
the virtual workspace or open repository system used by the team enabled me to be informed about when knowledge in repository changes .
i feel emotionally detached from my work .
always think seriously of organization and job
My scanning of the ESS is wide-ranging.
the pressures that arise in handling day - to - day tasks involves the is group in planning for its future .
Please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm's senior IS executive in how to guide your firm’s decisions related to the timing and level of investment in emerging technologies.
the quality of my response that i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
i finally would be able to actually use the equipment in the crc even if there was simply no one around to help show me how to use it .
requirements fluctuated quite quite a bit in later phases of this project .
Achieving a general level of agreement regarding the risks/tradeoffs among system projects.
it thus is important to minimize queuing time .
Staff productivity.
the virtual workspace or repository provided by the team enabled me could quickly interweave notes , chat , h - mail , and documents in the repository .
i could complete the job using a software software if i had never seen a package like that before .
build a professional baseball reputation
requirements fluctuated quite quite a bit in earlier phases .
Computers make me feel uneasy.
the product and service provided today by this new website was better than what i had expected .
the layout of where the auction listing is annoying
confidential - p .
supplier always honors their promises .
Effective training programs for users in general IS capabilities
for this system , they defined / helped create input / output forms .
I am able to change to the new way of working with the NOP system without the help of others.
generally speaking , i get to do what my professors think i must do .
using this system allows me may be more efficient at my job .
= simple - complex .
while using the web site i found my work enjoyable .
i just feel comfortable working with a computer .
in your job , how much important would it be to have such an opportunity for advancement to higher level of jobs ?
the web site ’ s performance in finding information that is credible was … ( very good / extremely good )
do you explain to the users that their review of the detailed design is where the benefits that are designed into their systems ?
your business principal in industry ’ ' s downswings and upswings ( 1 = have become far more predictable ; 4 = no policy change ; 7 = have become something far less predictable ) .
- - - makes information easy for access .
i have heard what others do using their pws .
hence it is important to provide an easy return process .
changes in the criteria by which managers assess their and / themselves others ' skills and performance .
Some people in our design team do not have enough knowledge or skill to do their part of the team’s task well. reverse
Understands customer’s own product or systems requirements clearly.
I would find CHART-MASTER easy to use
Our discussions were well organized.
i would confidently act on the legal advice i have afforded by legaladvice . com .
but we face opposition from employees .
the senior management of our firm today actively articulates such a vision for the organizational use field of enterprise resource planning .
Loss of financial health.
i believe that a pws device is cumbersome to use .
importance of the job
imagine the extent to which they would reveal ( the information ) through your internet : possible - impossible .
a trainer acted as a role model .
a quality and information relevance i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
the level of confidence i have about the information contained here in the system
when someone praises this community , it feels like a personal individual compliment .
it provides fast and accurate answers on the customers ' inquiries ( q & a ) .
knowledge of performance on completing the job
the industry association requires our firm to use enterprise strategic planning .
please indicate how important the award is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing activities of your company now : data computing ( i . g . , data modeling )
there are constant changes in computer hardware and our organization .
using electronic mail in my current job enables ( would enable ) me to help accomplish tasks more quickly .
the information provided during the dms training period was valuable .
bills on dp operating expenses costs are meaningful .
when i first visit a product page , this same website shows me other similar items purchased by other users .
we develop strong relationships particularly with our suppliers .
Importance of activity three years from now: manage/plan feasibility/approval process for new systems and technology
using a crc will fit into my workstyle .
but i would also feel secure in using the landlord / tenant information from legaladvice . com .
now we face opposition from department heads .
population dynamics
most people are honest in their dealings or with others .
during my last visit to booksamillion . com com i found my monthly visit fun .
promises made by government contractors are reliable .
compared to your competitors , how much does your organization rate on the average speed rate at which new software markets can be entered ?
i would expect mds to be useful in my daily life .
preparation phase of a strategic plan for developing is
members of the this group believe it is inappropriate to distribute code changes without going through all the proper channels .
using the web site enabled me to shop more quickly .
i expect that . it would be easy for me not to become skillful at using mds .
my behavior is usually an expression of your true inner feelings , attitudes and .
learning to use this web page would be easy for me .
Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in early phases of this project.
I have no desire to buy from the website.
Work on professionally important projects
" my boss is very supportive of pc use for my job .
i can usually get what i want on the job without consulting my direct supervisor .
consumer control of personal information lies at the heart for consumer privacy .
personnel loss reduction .
in general , often the vendor is very knowledgeable about issues characteristic of web - based data exchanges .
dr . smith is friendly and easy to approach .
i want to identify central ideas within the “ community - first ” area .
Your degree of control over computer resources
non - automated / non - sophisticated trading platform ( s ) .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills that are in supporting the basic computing needs all of your company now : ability ability to be self - directed and proactive
Strategic planning for IS is initiated at the highest levels of the organization.
i find using the information to be enjoyable .
in general , how much does your firm usually only want to actually do what all other employees who might otherwise use it think the firm should do ?
I am spontaneous when I interact with the World-Wide Web
convenience of road access
using the crm system fits my preferred routine for conducting a job
while doug watson is using the software at work at architects unlimited , one of his colleagues happens as to unexpectedly pass by and notices the mysterious new software . this person shows strong interest , in making a copy of the software . doug watson lets him make a copy out of all the new software .
My past experience in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace was positive.
importance of activity two years from now : both existing and new business applications
shopping on to the web saves money .
it was difficult to customize software support to one set of users without reducing support to other end users .
but i can count on the system to be “ up ” and available when i need for it .
changing to a new way of working in my nop system would enhance my effectiveness on the job than working in the current way .
I find a student information system useful on my job.
That it will be easier to use than what we use currently.
Product needs significant customization to meet your requirements.
i feel emotionally - drained from my work .
the disadvantages of actually using a pws far outweigh the benefits .
If you are a highly effective performer in your current job, the likelihood (probability) that you will get more economic rewards than in another job is...
i used what i would have learned in learning the past to try to succeed at learning the material
gradually reducing the recognition of my non - it experiences / skills / knowledge of work .
ceo involved in monitoring project .
our systems design methodology helps to design the architecture of the system to be implemented .
our team members had a global leadership perspective , that includes each other ' s decisions and the relationship among the them .
based on recent reports provided to me about the web site , did you expect information on the web site to be trustworthy ?
using this web site it is … ( will you never recommend / will definitely recommend )
Importance of activity now: integrate data types (e.g., video, voice)
to do my job well , i must pretend , not to be irritated at my customers even when i may feel exactly that way .
The frequency of PC use
in general , how much does your firm usually want to help do what all other employees who might use it think the firm just should not do ?
The contractors have been frank in dealing with us.
i am sometimes frustrated by increasing automation in building my home .
my credit card company will stand by me if problems occur especially during transactions with sellers available in amazon ’ ' s auction marketplace .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary goal of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which they agree or agree with the following statements : especially when outsourced is stable , expected to remain fairly predictable over the short term .
overall quality of interactions with other users .
i could complete the job using the spreadsheet package if nothing else had helped me getting started .
I tried to connect information to things that I already know
we utilize formalized training techniques .
when relative to other comparable is projects , how much did your most recently - completed project rate on ability to meet its goals ?
the behavior of employees that will instill confidence in users
business insights questions are exchanged between us and our other customers
All human beings are born free and equal indignity and rights.
Lack of adequate accounting or legal controls.
Having a PWS is a status symbol in my organization.
" i am very much interested in taking this training class .
i use the ess and find answers to specific questions .
i guess they put on a show to impress or entertain people
in doing your best job , just how often do you use a microcomputer as a terminal connected to a larger computer ?
mr . x encourages people to work as a team .
individual task performance is rewarded on this task team .
--- operates reliably.
Training programs and opportunities provided to IT talent are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
how effective was your group at creating ideas ?
good product quality .
this section pertains to specific requirements for progress reports during this outsourcing arrangement . they indicate their extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team assesses the extent at which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress report .
this section pertains directly to all the usage of frequent meetings or conference calls in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client initiates frequent meetings or frequent conference calls with all the development vendor team to formally discuss the project status , issues , and resolutions .
our integrated systems development methodology helps to build management commitment in our systems development research projects .
evaluate product quality based on measuring the number of possible product design errors caused or defects after the cpc solution was deployed .
i wish i had more time to do things better for the family .
My organization provides training to help employees improve their awareness of computer and information security issues.
assessing of the strategic importance of emerging technologies .
are you satisfied with the accuracy of the security information system ?
Importance of activity now: develop in-house applications
Our systems development methodology helps to improve our IS department’s reputation for excellent work.
extent to which you exchange strategic plans such as promotion and marketing plans , long - range production plans , strategic investments , and capacity utilization plan ( partner company ) .
relevancy in output
there are a large number and reputable external service - providers who potentially could provide is [MASK] and services to our banks
what the benefits some of the software would be .
please also evaluate the degree level of environmental turbulence that your npd work - unit faces in your product - market area : new product introductions are very frequent in this new market .
how often are you able to acquire any additional external information needed for complete the task ?
it is important to carefully minimize environmental impact .
meeting the assigned deadlines
Even if I'm not enjoying myself, I often pretend to be having a good time
in our working relationship with ( partner company ) , we share information sharing with each other that is not available from any other sources .
our systems development methodology forms a useful standard for our own systems development .
I am playful when I interact with the World-Wide Web
effectiveness in recommending a computer solution .
cio and tmt members may have :
Our team members carefully interrelated actions to each other in this project.
for me , when or otherwise i have trouble reading my disks is : unimportant - enough .
the vendor performs its task of providing the data exchange very well .
the ability to customize outputs to various user needs
information on the skills and abilities of network members online is readily available .
many consider it important to be regarded with other members as being professionally competent .
time to complete .
our systems software development methodology helps to decompose the system to be developed into workable component parts .
that it will make them less organized .
quantitative targets were designed to manage projects , manage costs , support risk management , coordinate training , and coordinate among project stakeholders after the initial solution was deployed .
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , do we know whether the web browser has a simple layout for its contents ?
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , did i expect that your web site is well organized ?
Amazon/eBay is a competent and knowledgeable auction host/intermediary.
The benefit provided by the WWW was better than what I expected.
the management provides the necessary help and human resources to enable me to change to the new way of my working with the nop based system .
Accuracy of output
Dr. X is aware of others' feelings.
To what extent did you follow standard operating procedures or practices to do your major tasks during the last 3 months?
companies should never use personal information for any purposes unless it has been shared by the individuals who share the information .
i had no opportunity to symbolically process the presented information .
i feel busy , or rushed .
this business partner is honest and genuine
the data and information embedded in this business process system are highly proprietary to our firm .
how would you feel for your own experience of the purchase through this website : very displeased - very pleased .
your interaction with this web site is clear and understandable .
based on the reports provided to you about the internet site , do we expect that the web site is a simple design ?
how knowledgeable is what the tmt about how your other competitors are applying is ?
this is department profitability ( from chargeouts for services as of a profit center )
we have ( or expect we have ) independent monitoring of the vendor to ensure smooth execution of this business model .
the tools provided by the site allow me to find where i get my new product if mine is not working .
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily link my team’s repository with other knowledge sources and applications.
i can rely on other methods not to make my job more difficult than careless work .
our volume estimates for our production goods are reliable .
receive substantial annual tax increases
the online tools provided by on the site help me to establish my product requirements .
companies should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has not been specifically authorized by the individuals specifically who provided the information .
i do believe i could communicate to others the consequences of using such a pws .
based upon the reports provided to us about the web site , do you need information on the web site to be in general , reliable for reaching your purchase decision ?
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on growth rate?
importance of activity 20 years from now : for end - users computing ( e . g . , info , center , hot line )
there is a lack of sociability in the website .
overall , but i believe that a pws is easy to use .
the various computing labs that you use
i am concerned about submitting information to the internet , because of whatever you might do with it .
to some extent do you believe that the information you provided to your project executive regarding the project project were : untimely - timely .
To what extent is your IS department using Booch at present?
list the number of years in each year of all the functional areas ( business hr , marketing , finance / business accounting , manufacturing , engineering , general management , other )
in doing your job , how often do do you even use a computer terminal ?
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is in general, reliable for making your purchase decision was … (very poor/very good)
x don ’ t just sell products ; it entertains me
i feel i will have more to do than i can comfortably handle .
When companies ask me for personal information, I sometimes think twice before providing it.
this seller is likely not to be credible .
my staff and i both find the exact card system useful to use it in our jobs .
to your law firm , using it in about the next 6 months would be : easy - difficult .
while in my organization , employees are briefed directly on the consequences of accessing computer systems that they are not specifically authorized to use .
i will take trouble reading my disks in the crc .
technological advances and / or other innovations in business operations : much better for the competition - far worse than the competition .
its members participate in decisions regarding resource allocation to projects .
i have ( would have ) fun sending electronic mail .
and how do you you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to support enhancing supplier linkages ?
i ' m concerned that companies are collecting too much of personal information about dating me .
they expect other members to meet their obligations because they are members of the network .
kept supplier staff turnover low during the project .
the same workspace or repository used for the team enabled them to easily label an entry with multiple unique words it pertains to .
i expect to use mds frequently in the field .
this section pertains to the usage of the project management plans in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree with or disagree with in the following statements : performance appraisal of : the vendor team team by the client team , is dependent , in part , on : the extent to which the vendor team closely follows the project plan .
there is a strong notion in our is group that a common goal exists .
Level of intellectual skills required of me to learn to use the software/system or interpret the information it generates.
how would you rate the information exchanged with ( partner companies ) in terms of its relevancy and your business needs , compared with information shared with other similar companies ?
Accurate - inaccurate.
specify the extent to which you can view ( the information ) through my internet : willing - unwilling .
i would feel more than confident purchasing out the policy through the web than through an agent .
i think online shopping can address the specific requirements of each customer .
a web site page that is responsive to your request is … ( - not important at all / extremely not important )
learning how to operate chart - master would be easy for me
a public web site that has such a simple layout for its contents is called … ( not important at all / extremely important )
we already use their internet for procurement purposes .
Using MDS would increase my chances of achieving things that are important to me.
please indicate how important . the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your own company now : the ability to teach others
the quality of all the promptness of all the support service i experienced was ; very low - - very high .
most of the time , people care " enough to try to be helpful , " rather than just looking out there for themselves .
i am also willing to not put in effort beyond the norm for the success of the organization .
the web page ’ a value in providing information that is , general , understandable for you in making your purchase decision was … ( much higher than you thought / much higher than you thought )
. in very general , information that is adequate for your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / extremely ... important )
product has a high manufacturing strength requirement .
To what extent are you confident that the group solution is correct?
" i believe i have developed the ability to successfully use a spreadsheet to communicate numeric information to others .
while using only the web site i felt frustrated .
communications between is staff and its managerial users
i believe such a web tool would provide more objective information than the agent .
using on this website can increase my shopping productivity .
what quality of system functionality i originally expected was ; very low - quite high .
This system improved the performance of my organization.
to what extent do you believe ? that the last communication you provided to your project executive director regarding the project status was : untimely - but timely .
creating this product from this website would be easy .
would changes in data input , processing , or output often require more than a cycle of reprogramming and testing ?
the intensity of pain - related pc [MASK] ( minutes per day , at work )
Our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with our organization
how knowledgeable are you about it or getting people to contact within your communities as sources of information about it ?
the computing labs insist that you use
Systems meet user expectations with respect to response time, flexibility and ease of use
how can you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to companies entering new markets ?
that it will lead to more downtime needed in our operations .
the website displays visually appealing design .
becoming knowledgeable about web purchasing would make it that much more than difficult / easier for me to just purchase this product from this web vendor .
The Web site  excited my curiosity.
Online companies are in general predictable and consistent regarding the usage of (the information).
identifying ways to serve the enterprise with new information products / services occupies a considerable amount of our working group ' s work .
all of our software applications work seamlessly across our channel partners
Organization only interested in work people do
network management : exclusively internal - and external
my past business experience in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auction houses marketplace was positive .
the section pertains to common usage of meetings or conference calls in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate an extent to which you agree or disagree with all following statements : during the meetings and other conference calls , a client provides significant input to the vendor team regarding their performance .
i tried to recall the key gameplay ideas from earlier in the tutorial
what is in your general knowledge of electronic data interchange ?
All books count.
i would find it far more convenient to purchase the policy on through the web than through an agent .
my work environment allows me to do high end work .
mr . x is primarily concerned with getting the job done .
we can ( and expect to have ) significant amount of communication between the company ( offshore subsidiary ) and us .
and how knowledgeable is from the top management team about potential and limitations of " next generation " it ?
using the crc as a ( bad / good ) idea .
to what extent ? do you feel that the communication you just received from your project executive was : * incomplete - complete
i find it easy to get the modern electronic mail delivery system to do what i want it to do
engineering techniques such as quality and deployment are used to translate user requirements into design .
during a work week , what frequently do exceptions arise in your work that require substantially different methods or procedures for doing them ?
there is little trial - & - answer in our strategic decision process .
extent , to which formal policies that mandate use of reusable components are generally implemented .
i will use the system for the next < n > months .
Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in overall development costs.
but after using the web site , information that has you obtained has made you … ( very dissatisfied / very satisfied )
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: Overall, our group is well coordinated.
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: increased productivity
In my work, I have to try to balance two or more conflicting preferences.
on average , please rate the performance of amazon ' ’ s / ebay ’ s auction sellers in terms of offering the high quality online products .
the work environment allowed me to complete a large number of tasks each day .
to this end do you feel that the report you received from your project executive was : incomplete - complete
users actively participate in identifying input / response needs .
our systems development methodology is to design the architecture of a system to be developed .
from our relationship with ( partner company ) both sides are willing into make cooperative changes .
the performance of a search site which is responsive to your request was … ( much higher than you thought / much higher than you thought )
Once the trial period is over, I will arrange to permanently adopt a smart card payment system as soon as possible.
no - not sensitive .
a specific person ( individual or group ) is also available for assistance with hardware difficulties .
IS breakdown will affect our database access.
there was a lot of unpleasantness among people on our team .
using the crc will not fit well with the way i work .
the amount of system functionality i experienced was ; very low - too high .
how would that you rate the information you exchanged with ( partner company ) in the terms of its completeness , compared , with information exchanged with other similar partners ?
The extent to which this community helps you to solve problems.
i could complete the job using a software package . i had all the software manuals for me .
to indicate something important the following is knowledge that resources are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : cobol , or other third generation language
importance of activity three years from now : plan / plan corporate is strategies , business applications , organizational architecture
i find my experience with this place exciting .
specify , the extent to which information you would reveal ( the information ) through the internet : either willing - unwilling .
strategic rationale for simply investing in what it is ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across all or almost all of all the business unit units )
changes in the importance of different inputs ( thus the power structure of related - persons ) to achieve the solution of problems .
this team has taken sufficient effort to establish that the project being completed meets the user ' s needs .
and how free it did you feel to discuss with the chief project executive all the problems and difficulties you had in this project without jeopardizing your position or having it be “ held against you ” later ?
the planning horizon considered by using the methodology is inappropriate .
in making doing this my job , i must portray myself as being interested in the customers ’ frustrations even when i don ’ t really care .
to what extent does the ess enable you to directly verify assumptions ?
flexibility of data and reports available online from systems
the information in this auction house listing is to the point
that these is units will give users individual attention
firms believe that increasing their reputation outside of the network is enhanced by increasing their membership of the network .
There is a great deal of variety in the problems, issues, or questions for which I need data in my work.
create and edit formulas that do not change when not they are copied ?
an understandable set of steps could be followed for developing systems to meet these requirements specifications .
is breakdown for extended periods will affect organizational activities significantly .
market share gains : much better than the competition - much worse than a government .
take for example me , being able to use my equipment even if there is no one around to show me how to use it , is : ( unimportant / important ) .
the benefit provided through the www was better than what i expected .
i found it easy to identify myself with this team
how much friction is there among members of your family ?
the tools provided for by the site ensure satisfactory delivery .
everyone on this development team uses their own standards for coding .
trading partner reluctance for change .
how much do you evaluate your law firm ’ s performance in applying it to execute customer services ?
but frequently , it also is necessary to spend a fair amount of time thinking about exactly how best to address such a business problem before i begin an analysis .
i could complete exactly the job using the software package if i had seen someone else start using it before trying it on myself .
The business procedures and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with the ones of our customers
during his last visit at booksamillion . com i found my visit fun .
It would take a lot of time and effort to switch to the new way of working with the NOP system.
shopping from x ’ s web site fits with my schedule
I could complete the job using the software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
Do you make it clear to user management that they authorize work on the next stage in the systems development process by their approval of the report on the preceding stage?
Relationship with other parties in the project (CEO, Users, Consultant).
please note how important that following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : expect systems / |
greater use of automated systems .
please rate your personal knowledge about client / server transactions .
using the crm system will also make it easier to do my job
strategic planning for operations is initiated at the various levels of the organization .
Have freedom to be creative and original
Projects involving development of new areas of application.
how closely does the website fit your personal needs ?
our firm philosophy of doing business is primarily driven by the need of putting customers first
importance of activity now : support user - developed .
my work environment allows me to do very high quality work .
What is your general knowledge of e-commerce?
the behavior of is employees instills confidence levels in users
we also share procurement related information electronically between units within our firm .
as was stated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team with this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , you indicate the extent to when you agree or disagree on the following statements : this activity is synergistic with other activities within the organization .
Developing clear guidelines of managerial responsibility for plan implementation.
I would be able to use the CRC.
he had the opportunity to mentally visualize the demonstrated computer operations .
How likely are you, within the next three years to: write or call a company to complain about the way it uses personal information.
i am still not sure the initial decision reached for the appraisal task was appropriate .
format dates in the worksheet ?
supplier will make continuous adjustments and cope with changing circumstances .
Maintaining open lines of communication with other departments.
companies should never publicly share personal information with other companies unless it alone has been authorized or by the individuals who provided the information .
How likely is it that you will take steps during the next year to secure a job at a different company?
consider your firm ’ s present and future products , markets , business strategies , products and business
the system provides up - to - date data .
supplier that keeps you well updated on your requests .
too much of their life would be disrupted if i decided i want to leave my family right away .
urgent - fucking urgent .
members of this group say it is ok and remove someone ' s name from a project without that person ' d consent .
Using the CRM system runs counter to my own values
how well did the contractors ever deliver what they promised in terms indicative of the meeting deadlines specified in the sla ?
understands one ’ s own product or systems requirements clearly .
extent to which the business process interfaces with ( partner company ) are similar to the process is linked with other channel partners , in structure , rules and procedures .
my interaction with a pws is real and understandable .
there was a sense of human warmth in the website .
individuals in our is group rarely establish any informal contacts often with other people outside their own departments . in our is group , managers of different departments meet frequently , to discuss important issues .
right now , to what extent would you feel ashamed ?
i had the opportunity to symbolically process and presented information .
using a pws computer makes it easier to do my job .
ease of use of application software
she is well known who can help solve problem associated with the enterprise resource planning model .
i find the crm computer system easy to use
it uses it ( e . g . , mailing lists , voip ) to coordinate communication .
effectiveness in the performing information requirements analysis .
using enterprise resource planning in our company decreased productivity at first compared to time to spare .
relevancy coefficient of output
the expectations that i would have about this website were correct .
importance of activity 20 years from now : support information access and security
my friends think that we should use the internet tv
SISP output fails to sufficiently address the need for Data Administration in the organization.
in doing your daily job how often times do you use a microcomputer ?
companies should never sell the personal information information stored in their computer databases to other companies .
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , do you really expect information on the web - site itself to be easy to comprehend ?
evaluate the typical extent of reuse of existing cad design features in all the products designed after the initial cpc solution was deployed .
I cannot get data current enough to meet my needs.
another primary role of upper management is they endorse rather than formulate is plans .
my interaction with my crm system is clear and understandable
for me , being able to use equipment even if there is no - one else around to show me how to really use it it is : unimportant - important .
i too am unoriginal when do i interact with the world - wide web
importance of knowing what information a company keeps finding about me in all their databases .
creating a web site that is well organized is … ( not important at all / not extremely important )
the degree that internet usage has been promoted by requirements in the government procurement
i intend to continue using this system today to serve customers .
we will delay decisions once you are sure that all alternatives have been evaluated .
our design team has a right mix of people needed to do its job well .
I would find it more convenient to use this web tool rather than an agent.
my organization has specific guidelines that govern what employees are allowed privacy to do with using their computers .
If I use a computer I will be seen as higher in status by my peers.
becoming knowledgeable enough about web purchasing would make it much more difficult / much easier for the me to purchase this product from this web vendor .
this task can be easily performed fairly independently of others .
It improved our performance.
i am forced by this technology to perform work with very tight time and schedules .
the software or applications used in this business process are specific for our firm .
The set up of the CRC will be compatible with the way I work is: (bad/good).
because if i ever required help , the vendor would do its best to help me .
In your job, how important would it be to you to have a good working relationship with your direct superior?
using a student information information system enables me to accomplish more student - related tasks more quickly .
how often was your former project executive successful in not overcoming restrictions in not getting you all the things you needed in your new job in this project ( such as equipment , personnel , budgets , etc . ) ?
Assigns adequate staff dedicated to the project (i.e., few staff changes).
Sellers in Amazon’s auctions are in general honest.
using a student information system in my job increases my overall productivity .
they will have up - - to - date hardware and software
please indicate how economically important all the following following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : relational databases
to what extent are you confident that the working group solution is correct ?
i could do the job in a software package if i have only the software manuals for reference .
i think that just using a pws machine fits well with the way i like to work .
my old auto insurance agent is honest in his / her dealings about me .
i can show you by my actions that i really care about the fate of this organization .
What is your general knowledge of Groupware?
the quality of information that i experienced was ; very high - very high .
how do you know about your overall experience after the purchase through this website : absolutely terrible - - delighted .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge your skills are in supporting the computing needs of your children three years to now : ability to develop & deliver creative , informative , & persuasive presentations
my medical staff and i would have no difficulty telling others about our experience using the same exact card system .
the quality of information relevance i found was ; very low - and high .
the appearance of the physical facilities of the is is in keeping with the kind of health services provided
I am forced by this technology to work with very tight time schedules.
performance standards have become established for testing
use of a pc will increase the level and challenge on the job .
keeps the customer staff turnover low during the project .
IT hardware standards are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
please , rate the cost effectiveness of building your new product development work unit , in the regularity of appraising competitors and their products — of both existing and potential relative to your major competitors .
the tools provided by the site let me replace my product if you need another product .
general management : exclusively internal - exclusively external
if i use this computer i will spend less money on routine job tasks .
working in this distributed team is letting me learn ways to streamline the organization ’ s internal processes .
extent to which formal policies that mandate development of reusable components were implemented .
all things considered , using into the system is a ineffective concept idea – effective idea .
Quality of decision-making.
i would have difficulty explaining why such a pws may or may well be beneficial .
your business partner is truthful in their dealings with our organization
to what extent are you willing to use the internet to purchase information ( e . a . , books or cds ) and services ( a . g . , airline tickets or airline reservations ) from websites that require them to submit accurate and identifiable information ( e . g . , credit card information ) ?
Our way of doing business is closely linked with our customers’
decision - making responsibilities in our is group are pushed down to about the lowest possible possible level .
our is improve the efficiency of their day - by - day business operations .
developing our systems development learning methodology allows us to learn from our systems development experience .
i like to have maximum product line availability .
information that is clear in meaning and is … ( not very important at all / extremely important )
number of levels between it - head and ceo
it is rarely required for obtain information from anyone to complete this task .
i try to use what i have learned in the weeks ahead .
' that is absolutely trustworthy .
i am concerned much about providing personal information to online companies , because instead of knowing what others might do with it .
decision making in our is group tends to also occur in generally a decentralized manner .
I would be able to use the CRC.
- to aid me in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , or overall , which i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : - quite useful - quite useless
the news site ’ s performance in providing information that is credible was … ( very good / not good )
to become members of this consortium , candidate firms must have skills / expertise that is beneficial to the existing members .
i frequently deal with ad - hoc , nonroutine business problems .
i review a new set of reports in the ess .
The vendor is interested in my well-being, not just its own.
and using electronic mail increases my productivity
My work environment allows me to get help from my supervisor when needed .
The speed by which a website provides information would make it much more difficult/easier for me to get information about this product.
I expect the rate at which the information would be displayed on this website to be fast enough.
why would you rate this particular team on the ability to communicate with one another during requirements definition ?
using this , web - site is … ( will never recommend / will definitely recommend )
using the internet tv it is pleasant
the tools provided by the site help me and provide my evaluation of the product to the company .
no involvement . users are unwilling , or not invited to participate .
the computer training will help me to be more at ease when working with computers .
my staff and i find an exact card system easy to use .
our systems development methodology defines an ideal or process model of systems development that is useful , even though it is not followed up in practice .
i expect my personal information to not be adequately protected for when i purchase this product from this web vendor .
importance of activity , three years away from now : manage / plan systems development / implementation
the is [MASK] department i work in also emphasizes human resources . high morale is important .
trading partner partner reluctance to change .
phase i signed - off a formalized agreement of the work done by the information systems / system data - processing staff [ during system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
In your job, how important would it be to you to have good physical working conditions?
the provision of training courses i originally expected there was ; - very low - very high .
Using a PWS is compatible with all aspects of my work.
in some jobs , outcomes are unpredictable - if you do something to fix a problem you don ' t imagine what would happen . fifty percent of the time are they unsure that things will turn out as expected ?
software applications on multiple machines of multiple vendors are interoperable with each - other across our multiple channel partners
a web - site that is easy enough to use is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
i get a sinking feeling as i think of trying to use the computer .
I believe I could communicate to others the consequences of using a PWS.
Ease of use of soft ware.
my staff and i find it so easy to get the exact card system to do what we all want it to to do .
the web site was intrinsically more interesting .
the business plan my team developed would convince experienced professionals to join our independent consulting firm .
major manufacturing innovations are very likely in our consumer goods .
our systems development methodology provides a useful tool - variety of techniques can be applied .
i ' m not always the same person i appear to be
if i use a personal computer i will increase my sense of accomplishment .
i feel constant damage to my job security due to new technologies .
the quality in information presentation i experienced was ; very high - very high .
the importance of know just how long a company will retain information they collect from me in their database .
there is no difference between the ordered items and the ordered items .
transfers business know - how guide to you ( supplier ) .
requirements identified at beginning of project work were quite different from those existing only at end .
using booksamillion . com can increase my shopping experience .
all things considered , not using the system is a very foolish more – wise move .
Using this system allows me to be more efficient at my job.
all things considered , using the internet tv is … very harmful / very helpful
" to facilitate operations , our bu ’ ' s , business procedures and routines are linked with the ones of our channel partners
volume requirements of our production goods are predictable .
please evaluate the level of knowledge of your company ' s senior is executive in how to influence your firm ’ s decisions as to the timing or level of innovation in emerging technologies .
our software development approach ( es ) are so that they can become adapted to the productivity needs of individual projects .
online companies would tell the truth and fulfill promises related directly to ( the information ) provided here by me .
the task of selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor took too long .
hope that it will improve access to information .
for me , being able again to easily operate the equipment on my own is : unimportant - but important .
a fellow family member of doug watson is also an architect . during a holiday family get together , his family ember comes to know about their software , asks to make a copy of their software . alex holmes lets him make a copy of the software .
using the crm control system fits well with the way that i like to work
in general , this business leader is knowledgeable about their industry and business .
most internet retailers and auction sellers are highly reliable .
i would complete the project using a software package if someone else had helped me get started .
information that is sufficient for your purchase or is … ( not important after all / extremely important )
team - building and group dynamics training are given to is personnel .
using the pws enhances my effectiveness on the job .
The Web site’s performance that is well organized was… (very poor/very good)
because the tastes and preferences of your customers vary in your principal industry ( 1 = have become far more stable , and predictable ; ; 4 = have no change ; 7 = have become much harder to forecast ) .
I have the resources and the knowledge and the ability to make use of the CRC.
there really are always new developments in the technologies we can use in our organization .
To what extent does the content of the e-mail motivate you to take action?
exchanged draft drafts .
table for results of work
companies should never share personal information with other private companies unless it has already been authorized by the individuals involved who provided the information .
I am able to arrange a place to study at my residence/home without distractions
when system changes are necessary , can the changes be easily made and quickly be implemented ?
did you have responsibility for selecting any hardware and / or software needed in the new system ?
i can acquire product information available on this website from different sensory channels .
Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: Reusability as formal part of employee performance evaluation
if stories in the media criticize this book , i will feel bad .
using the exact card system makes it easy for me and my staff and do our jobs .
the quality of technical support .
but i feel there is less sharing of knowledge among coworkers for fear of its being replaced .
i think online shopping can address the specific needs individually of each customer .
projects involving development in new areas of application .
the senior management of our firm believes that natural resource planning will create a significant competitive arena in business .
information that is related to your purchase decision is important … ( not important at all / extremely very important )
approximately how much people are employed in your organization ?
we have been able to refocus on core family business .
amazon . com enables customers to shop for cds faster .
compared to that alone : increases my productivity in searching the web .
improving coordination with supplier / trading partner partners
What is your Level of Education?
not using this web site , i am afraid ( terrible / delighted )
the speed by which a website lists them would make it much more convenient / easier for me to get information about this product .
they feel pressured .
new employees took more than a year to feel at home
The success of the methodology is greatly dependent on the team leader.
Overall responsiveness of the software to users
Shared understanding of how IS can be used to increase productivity of our organization’s operations
i can count on my system to keep “ up ” and available when i need it .
the words that you use
you would purchase this product from this web vendor at a bargain price within the first 30 days .
the quality of ... the promptness of the support of service i originally had expected was ; very low - very high .
are all projects implemented on a crash basis ?
" the www is natural to me .
i intend to increase in my use of shopping online in the future .
i am comfortable relying on internet service vendors to meet their obligations .
in ongoing discussions during project .
the disadvantages of my using of a pws far outweigh just the advantages .
a service that would improve my grades is : bad - good .
the system is also not compatible with other systems i use .
also please indicate how important the following is knowledge or that skills are in supporting all the computing needs of your company now : systems integration
Most of my teammates can be relied upon to do as they say they will do.
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be informative to your purchase decision?
the information contained in this e - mail is … valuable / worthless
companies should use better procedures to correct errors in personal information .
i am concerned now that companies are collecting too much personal information today about me .
because of my use as a pws , others in my organization see me being the more valuable employee .
before choosing whether to use any pws applications , i was able to online try them out .
to evaluate the product quality based on the number of ecos before the cpc solution was deployed .
not sensitive - not sensitive .
overall , - - - - is of high quality .
they can share knowledge about our business environment ( i . g . , other business relationships ) with our customers
how free would you feel to discuss to a project executive the problems , difficulties you had in this project without jeopardizing your decision or having it “ held against you ” later ?
What is your general knowledge of traditional system development life cycle?
The images used in the website are appropriate.
a small business received one - fourth of all its gross revenue in the form of cash . generally the owner reported only one - half percent of all the cash receipts for income tax purposes .
determining the cio ’ s level of knowledge :
the web interface is helpful for me to understand the structure of the product .
the system provides the precise information that i need .
too much of my life would be disrupted today if i decided i would want to leave my organization right around now .
importance of activity three years from now : support of portfolio of applications
i would buy pirated software if it were not freely available .
evaluate their openness to share their design information during social interactions related to product development after the cpc solution was deployed .
i feel completely burned out from my work .
my job was enjoyable .
to get a recommendation on the right coverage area for me .
calculate the total cost of executing this process .
using enterprise resource planning in our own company created a disruption in understanding the workplace at first .
Knowledge about the primary functions of the organization. Extremely low / extremely high.
using exactly the same exact card system increases the productivity of me and my staff .
learning to operate the same exact card reading system was easy for me and my staff .
I would trust the recommendation of such web sites more than the recommendation of an agent with regard to the appropriate level of coverage for my needs.
thinking hard and for a long time worried about saying something gives me little satisfaction .
People who influence my behavior would think I should use MDS.
i feel very pressured .
knowledge about the goals and objectives within an organization ( i . e . the corporate - level operating entity ) . extremely low / extremely high .
even in doing your job , how important would it be to have an opportunity for advancement to higher level administrative jobs ?
so a typical service that is advantageous is : ( bad / good ) .
user ' t understanding of system
members of the team have very good relationship with the other . we can freely share our ideas , feelings , and hopes .
i find ( would find ) electronic devices useful in my job .
Autonomy
common view about the prioritization of is .
during my last paid visit to booksamillion . com , i found my visit enjoyable .
the task can be planned with little need to coordinate with others .
Indicate your level of knowledge about the current hardware (e.g., computers, communication networks) assets of your business unit?
Evaluate product quality based on the number of ECOs after the CPC solution was deployed.
learning to operate the ( task - related ) and platform portions of ( system ) is not easy enough for me .
Using the CRC is a (bad/good) idea.
what processes are there to capture or leverage data that were not expected but are discovered ?
lack of adequate financial accounting or legal controls .
it is likely that i will buy this house .
my boss does not require me to ever use a pws .
the person providing them the dms training was trustworthy .
The Information Systems/Data Processing staff kept me informed concerning progress and/or problems [during system definition/during physical design/during implementation].
if i had wanted to , i also could have become skillful at making good product purchasing decisions on the web .
increase personal effectiveness
using this website enables me to accomplish a shopping task more quickly online than by using traditional stores .
the impact of using exactly the exact card system is now apparent to my staff and me .
as an auction house host / intermediary , the amazon has high integrity .
the last product that i ’ ve just examined is good .
We emphasize “putting customers first” throughout our BU
i cannot get it current enough to meet my needs .
because in your experience , how frequently are subordinates afraid to publicly express disagreement with their superiors ?
meets most leadership performance standards . ( is below most standards ? above most standards )
to what extent , does the ess enable you to expand your search scope ?
while using the web site he felt in control .
The information on the action listing is pretty much what I need to carry out my tasks
his enthusiasm from x ’ s internet site is catching ; it picks me up
knowledge is acquired by firm about supporting users ' business .
Insensitive? Sensitive?
thus , using - - - is a ( unpleasant / pleasant ) quality .
formal techniques such as high quality function deployment are used , to translate user requirements into design .
i felt deeply engrossed – not deeply engrossed .
there is also a potentially considerable risk involved in participating in amazon / ebay auctions .
comparison of leadership peers . ( worse than leadership peers ? better than leader peers )
All things considered, using the system is a ineffective idea – effective idea.
this web vendor would be honest even in all its dealings when i purchase this product from it .
Identifying and resolving potential sources of resistance to IS plans.
i shall interact regularly with tmt members on a formal basis ( e . g . , during official meetings . work - related , phone calls , etc . )
Importance of activity now: analyze software packages – evaluation & selection
i like in the ease of comparison shopping .
to aid me in achieving my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , what i feel ( my system ) as a ( technology type ) is : - efficient - inefficient
" our discussions were well organized .
using the internet it is useful for my communication and information search
we have increased access to key communication technologies .
IS has employees who give users personal attention
and i would have no difficulty telling others all about the results of using a pws .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the evaluation of the technical feasibility of rapidly developing new electronic products with continuously - changing features , relative to your major competitors .
There tends to be disagreement over important issues between the managers of the different departments in our IS group.
employers should never sell the personal information in their computer databases with other companies .
switching on to the new alternative way of working with the nop system could only result in unexpected hassles .
" i often am unimaginative when i interact with the world - wide web
the images or typographies used in the series are stylish .
because the contractors were previously part in the client organization , i expect these contractors to do their job more reliably against other vendors .
my most general level of satisfaction with the system
how likely are you , within the next next three years to : write or call a phone company , to complain about the wrong way it uses personal information .
our business relationship with [ vendor name ] companies is characterized by high levels of brand trust
if i use a computer i will increase the quality and output in my job .
i would think it more convenient to file a claim on the island than through an agent .
i don ’ t think that you could learn new skills from a computerized training program
i intend not to use mds in the future .
i am often on this hunt for certain products or brands that will add to my personal uniqueness .
it is rarely required to obtain more information from others or to complete this task .
there would be very much uncertainty associated in giving ( the information ) to online firms .
what would you rate your overall expectations of the quality of the purchasing ( s ) from this information ?
i am able to arrange a girl to live at my residence / home without distractions
because of my use instead of a pws , others in my organization see of me as a more valuable government employee .
referral review of the coordination decision to senior dp or senior user management .
keeps customer staff turnover low for the project .
the results of using the pws are apparent to me .
Overall, I would give the information provided by --- a high rating in terms of quality.
when the trial period is completed , we will recommend that my fellow merchants get a smart card payment system .
To gather information about auto insurance companies.
using the internet tv improves my productivity for business and information search
IS gives users individual attention
Slow - fast.
i find my connection with this website interesting .
development of a “ blueprint ” which structures organizational performance processes .
Quality measures like error rate and scrap rate are used as the basis for rewards for information systems personnel.
print a spreadsheet with one header line on every page ?
the data produced by a corporation or division is exactly what i need to carry out my tasks .
of what extent will the ess enable you to maintain your perspectives ?
" i have the resources necessary to use the system .
inland revenue .
i already have the resources necessary to use the system .
i am doing more than my share because of the volunteer work for our team .
my interaction with a pws is clear enough and understandable .
i generally trust other people unless they give to me reasons not to .
during my last visit to booksamillion . com i was absorbed very intensely in the online activity .
improved seismic accuracy .
i believe that online privacy is invaded when control is lost or unwillingly be reduced as much a result of a marketing campaign transaction .
overall , i find myself using a pws to be advantageous in my own job .
that it would produce resistance among employees .
the actual performance consists of the web site that is well organized and was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
the level of control i feel over all the system
Using DMS in my job is a good idea.
i do not feel threatened when you talk about computers .
in different situations , and with different people , i very often act like very different persons
sisp output : to determine a uniform basis for prioritizing performance .
i would also be willing to share the specifics of my new legal issue with legaladvice . . com .
i am able to study even further when there are other interesting things left to do
Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the adequacy of IT tools (e.g.,whiteboards,presentation features) to manipulate the format of contributions in the new product development process.
in the quality of the system ease of integration with other systems that i experienced was ; very low - very high .
you can have pws applications for long enough periods to try something out .
our design development team has the exact right mix of people needed to do its work well .
how most likely are you , within the very next three years to refuse to purchase a product , because you disagree with the way a large company uses personal information ?
The website improves my online decision-making in online shopping.
relative to other , comparable is projects , how did your most - recently completed project actually rate on adherence to budgets ?
Do you insist that the detailed system design report be developed as user documentation of the system?
using the exact card system is clear and understandable for me or his staff .
the tools provided by the site ensure i get my product .
to be effective in my job , i also must try to be sympathetic with customers even when that i obviously am not .
Companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
please indicate how important the following aspect is knowledge or how skills are in supporting the computing needs of your own company now : ability to work closely together with customers and maintain productive user or client service relationship
Specify the extent to which you would reveal (the information) through the Internet: possible - impossible.
we have now integrated most of our software applications with the ones of the channel partners
our information systems are also highly scalable
all books must count .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following way similar to other major activities : we ensure that there is compatibility between group members expertise and development processes .
is the department profitability ( from chargeouts for services as a non profit center )
evaluating the product on this scale is concerned with how i evaluate products in physical stores .
reliability of information .
using chart - master would enhance my effectiveness on finishing the job
where do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it for support being a low - cost producer ?
i am not confident i trust this auction seller to deliver an auction product
the images and typographies used in the film were stylish .
i will have trouble reading my disks back in the crc .
how very likely is it not that you will take steps during the next academic year to secure a job at a different company ?
i believe i have the ability to use a spreadsheet to help assist me in making strategic decisions .
our findings enable us to develop detailed understanding of our present business situation .
i worry about receiving the wrong products .
brand x doesn ’ t just sell products ; it entertains me
using booksamillion . com challenged me to perform to the the best of my own ability .
i would never be more confident filing a claim through the web than through an independent agent .
my classmates would think that i should take the crc .
there is a sense of human sensitivity in the school website .
reduce the computational cost of executing this process .
this section pertains to the usage of the progress reports in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which either you agree or disagree with the following statements : performance appraisal satisfaction of all the vendor team provided by the software client team is dependent , in part , on the extent to which the vendor and team achieves the outsourcing goals as is indicated above by all the progress reports .
processes used primarily for managing the relationships between the it department and the business units are ( unique in that all or almost all of the business units … common use across all or almost all of the business unit units )
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to support enhancing supplier linkages?
monitoring of internal business needs and the capability of companies that meet those needs .
within the relationship with ( partner company ) both sides are concerned about each another ’ s profitability .
information that is easy to actually comprehend is … ( not important information at all / extremely important )
easy to .
please rate the comparative effectiveness of your innovative new product development work - unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we are effective enough in transforming existing information into new knowledge .
" the quality of information reliability i originally expected was ; very low - very very high .
Importance of activity three years from now: train and educate IS professionals
shopping online helps me accomplish tasks very quickly .
how can you evaluate a firm ' s performance in applying it to support for a low - cost producer ?
and getting authorization to access the data that would be useful in my job is time consuming and difficult .
this was a difficult process .
we tend to be number - oriented and analytical based in our operations .
i am not concerned about submitting information on the open internet , because it could be used in a different way i did not foresee .
buying or using products that are interesting and unusual assists me in establishing a distinctive identity .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team working in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced commercial activity , please please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree strongly with on the two following mission statements : this activity cannot thus be easily transferred to other organizations .
sisp output also fails to include in an overall personnel and training plan for the is department .
if you exert this considerable effort , the likelihood ( ... ) that you would be a highly effective performer in this job is . . .
successfully using a pws is often frustrating .
i felt confident about making the online purchase decision .
how would you best describe your group ’ s problem solving learning process ? efficient / inefficient
my connection with booksamillion . com is clear but understandable .
it is used to minimize product cost .
the level of control i feel has over the system
my attitude toward using - - - - ( very unfavorable / very negative )
lack of of trust in trading partner ( s ) .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development and work unit in increasing the frequency of determining market characteristics , and trends relative to your major competitors .
team members on my distributed team are willing to call if you need it .
previous to the enterprise process planning implementation , our employees in general had extensive experience in implementing computer based applications in their work processes .
if i use a computer i would spend more time on routine job tasks .
the site is generally neat in appearance .
to indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in determining the computing needs of your company now : - - be sensitive to organizational culture / politics
users actively participate in determining the requirements .
and how much influence did you have in decisions made about this system during its early development ?
in addition my organization , employees , are briefed regularly on the consequences of modifying computerized data in an unauthorized way .
Data are entered only once to be retrieved by most applications of our customers
our creation of a business is driven by the need of putting customers first
overall , this business partner is capable , and proficient
please rate the effectiveness with which your new product development work unit uses the adequacy of it tools ( i . g . , whiteboards , information systems ) to manipulate the format and contributions for the new product development process .
Did you have responsibility for requesting additional funds to cover unforeseen time/cost overruns?
our organization believes this business partner would act in our best - interest
firms consider it necessary to fulfill their obligations to other members and maintain their reputation within the network .
I was deeply engrossed – not deeply engrossed.
task forces are frequently actually used by our the is group to handle critical issues .
this development team does a good job of trying to ensure that the new product being developed meets company demands .
the web page was fun .
it enabled us both to make decisions more quickly .
It is important to reduce environmental damages.
Does the student information system provide sufficient information to enable you to do your tasks?
- - - allows for me to get my work done more quickly .
use of a personal pc can significantly increase the quality of the output of my job .
a service with more advantages rather than disadvantages is : ( bad / ) good ) .
i intend to simply continue using the internet tv frequently during the next three calendar months
it would be more convenient for me to use on the web to compare my auto - insurance prices than an agent .
for me , learning how to get product information directly from this website is .
There is a high potential for loss involved in participating in Amazon auctions.
the online site information also met my needs .
i will probably just look for a job at a different company in the city next year .
individuals in our age group rely on formal lines of communication when handling important issues .
i find your experience with this website exciting .
using electronic voice mail in my job increases ( would increase ) , my productivity .
using the electronic mail increases my productivity
availability of timeliness of report delivery to users
it understands customer ’ s own product or systems requirements clearly .
information that is valuable to your purchase decision is … ( no important at all / not important )
but please indicate how important the following one is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of all your company three - years from now : ability to plan , organize & even write clear , concise , and effective memos , reports , and documentations
There would be significant problems associated with negotiating a contract or agreement (e.g., agreeing on conditions, prices, etc.) with an external service-provider for our data processing services
for example me , a web site vendor that does not seek to take advantage of its customers is important
this section pertains to the usage of progress reports in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent as to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team assesses the extent as to extent which the vendor or team achieves the outsourcing goals , as indicated above by all the progress report reports .
to what degree should the key areas and full detail of it work become incorporated into the overall plan ?
Transfers knowledge to your (customer’s) staff.
i would not change my opinions ( or the reasons i do things ) in order . please someone else and win their favor
involvement by advice . advice are solicited through interviews and questionnaires .
based on the reports given to me about the web site , do you expect that the web site is safe to use ?
if users have one problem , these is units will show a sincere interest in solving it
ceo ' s knowledge . competitors ' use of it
I intend to use MDS in the future.
There are enough people in my organization to help me try the various uses of the PWS.
please indicate how very important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company right now : ability to : be both self - directed and proactive
Overall, how would you rate the quality of service provided by IS?
i think that many other interested people look at my profile to find out more about me .
describe the coding and testing techniques used for the software .
Accuracy of output information
one individual formally accountable for coordination ( e . g . , a project manager ) .
i am sometimes frustrated with increasing automation in my home .
i need you a long time to understand and use new technologies .
how do you evaluate your business ’ s performance in applying it to not being a low - cost business ?
we maintain good relationships with the contractors .
Companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
the organization has standard practices to support its product integration strategy for developing , integrating components , and delivering the product with the customers before the cpc system was deployed .
having an exact card system is a status quo among the merchants i trust .
work on other important projects
i would consider using the site for future ebook purchases .
' it would be easy for me to have become skillful at using chart - master
but i have a lot more of freedom to decide how i perform assigned tasks .
core central banking systems ( i . e . , central demand deposit , savings , certificate of deposit ) : - exclusively internal - exclusively external
my staff and , i find the exact card system easy to use .
i intend to use the crc to print projects , research papers , or assignments using this term .
" our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as part a result of our interactions with this business partner : significantly improved resource control
I would feel more confident purchasing the policy through the web than through an agent.
computer databases that contain personal personal information should be protected even from unauthorized access — no matter how much it costs
The person providing the DMS training was credible.
i want a degree of freedom to decide how i perform assigned tasks .
This site was simple to navigate.
i believe that legaladvice . you would act in my best interests .
we have a set of agreed upon coding standards all in this team .
Best practices are systematically institutionalized.
coordinating the development efforts among various organizational subunits .
little concern for the problems of employees
True? False?
i have already put a whole lot of time and effort into mastering the current way out of working .
as you indicated before , outsourced activity is the main focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate what extent to that you agree or agree with the above statements : this activity has developed within our organization through collective learning .
Books do not count at all.
this website recommends items that potentially interest me .
groups that work with find [ would find ] their interaction with my electronic meeting system clear but understandable .
on average , how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development process . your time ? actual budget revenue would be consumed by the project .
interesting ? interesting ?
that it will improve accessibility to information .
we can easily share our personal data with our customers
importance areas of activity now : manage / strategic plan corporate is strategies , strategic applications , technology architecture
importance and activity now : implement system evaluation processes
projects mainly involving applications of new technologies .
based on all the reports provided to you about seeing the web site , do you expect that only the web site provides a few hundred clicks to locate information ?
a pc can increase the quantity of output and for same amount of computational effort .
lack of trust in trading model ( s ) .
our group ’ s use of the ems is similar to its earlier design .
the quality of system user friendliness that i experienced was ; very very low - very high .
i ’ m worried that companies are collecting too much personal knowledge about me .
i believe that online privacy is often invaded when control is lost or unwillingly reduced or as a result of a marketing process transaction .
using a student information system makes it easier to perform my job .
Overall, how much effort (in time and energy) did you spend so that your system and your business processes fit each other?
use of a pc can significantly increase the amount of output for my job .
I will use this business always to do shopping in any urgent situations.
how knowledgeable are these you on using word processing ?
i am concerned about sharing this information with online companies , because it could be used in a way i did not foresee .
I could complete the job using a software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
in the past 3 years , how often did difficult problems arise in your work , when there were no immediate or apparent means for dealing with the problems ?
my past business experience in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ ' s auction marketplace was positive .
I would feel comfortable acting on the landlord/tenant information given to me by LegalAdvice.com.
please rate the effectiveness of our new product development work unit in the technical activities relating to your major competitors : we are effective in developing new knowledge and insights which have the potential to influence product development .
in doing your job , how precisely do we use a microcomputer as a terminal to a larger system ?
Strategic goals for entering into IT outsourcing relationships are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
using a student information system in my job increases my income .
i intend not to fully use the system in the next < n > months .
i thought over things i had learned in prior modules
in general , information that is reliable for those making your purchase or decision , is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
can am able to use the library and the internet - information for class assignments
I expect to have fun using MDS.
companies may take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal computers in their computers .
there is a considerable risk involved also in participating in amazon auctions .
frequency of new product since its introduction : much better than the competition - much worse than other competition .
but to what extent is your is department still using ysm ( yourdon systems method ) at present ?
how do you feel about the process by which you have generated ideas ?
members of this organization are driven by a desire for learn new things .
new employees take more than a year to feel at home
i make that easy to get the ( task - oriented ) portions of ( system ) to do what i want it to do .
team .
cio primarily uses standard business terminology when interacting with tmt members
a description that fits well with the way i work is : bad - timing .
and i am given the necessary support and some assistance to change to the new way of actually working with the nop system by the company .
the disadvantages of my using the pws would outweigh the advantages .
CEO's prevailing thinking about IT spending
this organization has great a deal of personal meaning for me .
the images used in the website are extremely interesting .
shared understanding of how is can be done to increase productivity of our organization ' s operations
gives necessary approval for payment of predefined milestones .
companies should take more steps to make sure all the personal information in their website is accurate .
revised children ' s writing .
and it will improve efficiency .
they indicate how important the following is knowledge or experience are in supporting the business needs of your company three years from now : ability can understand the business environment
responsibility for results of .
development of a “ blueprint ” which structures organizational behavior .
Attitude of EDP staff
I approved an information requirements analysis developed by the Information Systems/Data Processing staff.
I took this task seriously.
involvement by advice . the advice is solicited through interviews , or questionnaires .
how do do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to and support having manufacturing / operations with flexibility ?
Using CHART-MASTER would enhance my effectiveness on the job
individuals on this team , are rewarded for their individual performance .
- - - effectively integrates data collection from different areas of the the company .
a considerable amount of useful user feedback information about the actual transaction history of auction sellers is available through amazon media ’ s ratings & feedback mechanism .
performance standards have been established specifically for design
overall , how do you feel about the other website that you you have identified : displeased - pleased .
performance on this task type is dependent on receiving accurate information from others .
i believe that my organization also actively monitors the content delivery of employees ’ e - mail messages .
importance of activity 10 years from completion : manage / plan systems development / implementation
in general , the organization has strongly supported the introduction of pcs .
the procedures and routines being used in this business process are specific only to our firm .
Importance of activity three years from now: implement system evaluation processes
it is important to help reduce environmental damages .
now i had the opportunity to accurately reproduce the demonstrated computer operations .
thus the organization has standard practices intended to support its product - integration strategy for developing and integrating components , and delivering the product to the customer before the cpc solution system was deployed .
the greater my interest to obtain a certain information or service from the internet , the more i tried to suppress my own issues .
it will be easy to operate the electrical equipment in the crc .
Most people are honest in their dealings with others.
how much emotional conflict is there among members of your community ?
to what extent have these projected values and the assumptions been validated ?
our systems development research methodology helps to achieve the goals of the our is department .
as the auction house / intermediary , amazon has high integrity .
overall , i would find using a pws system to be advantageous in my job .
Shopping on this website is a good idea.
de - imprecise .
i like to explore your new web sites .
but the operation of - - - is dependable .
next time when i need to shop for such a pda , i would like to use this website .
the demands of my work interfere with my home or family life .
using electronic mail reduces my time i spend on unproductive activities
i am concerned with submitting information on this internet , because that could be used in a way i did not foresee .
what do you believe is the increased risk for regular account internet users due to the possibility that records worth of transactions could be sold to third parties ?
compared to all your competitors , how does your organization rate based on overall competitive position ?
it would be very very hard for me to leave my organization right now even if i wanted it to .
gives the necessary approval for payment at predefined milestones .
evaluate the time average time that it takes to communicate design changes related to product development before the current cpc solution was deployed .
the store ’ or web site provided adequate information .
projects involving use of new technologies .
i intend to use only the crc to print projects , papers , or assignments this term .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: structured programming/CASE methods or tools
" the business plan my dream team developed will earn a high grade from my professor in this course .
please indicate just how important the following is your knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : structured - programming / case analysis methods or tools
so clear and understandable
i must act like i care about girls ' concerns even when they find it hard to be interested .
Processes used for managing relationships with IT outsourcing relationships are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is not the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please please indicate the general extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : this activity has evolved in becoming our own organization , through increased information - sharing .
I strongly recommend shopping online to others.
this also pertains to the usage of requirements documentation provided by the client in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate specific criteria upon which you agree or agree with the following statements : a client provides feedback to its vendor teams on the extent to which the vendor team meets the client criteria as specified in the requirement documentation .
shopping from x ’ s internet site fits with . my schedule
how often have students participated in / / or led projects identifying future cost and benefits of is projects before they are developed ; preparation of business cases ?
I could complete the job using the software package If I had only the software manuals for reference.
next time i need to pay for a pda as a gift for a friend , i would prefer to use this website with characteristics similar in those of this website .
hopefully the person providing the dms training was knowledgeable enough on this topic .
the monthly reports provided by the system meet my exact needs .
i could complete the job using the software package , if just someone showed me how to do it first .
Improved understanding of how the organization actually operates.
internet websites are safe environments in which to exchange ideas with others .
i can definitely try this product .
the degree of understanding i have gained about the system
the advantage of the crc may outweigh the disadvantages .
given a choice , i should take roles in a project similar to the current project .
- - - allows information to be more readily accessible to me .
i do not feel threatened when others complain about computers .
I was satisfied with the number of sites where I could buy this product.
x products are of good economic value
on the average , how predictable are each of the following at the start of a new software development project in your organization ? by actual date date of completion of project
as an auction host / intermediary , amazon promotes financial integrity .
The tools provided by the site help me in determining my product needs.
which of the following best describes the senior is executive ’ s involvement in the top management teams ?
Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in major innovations in products as a whole.
the quality level of information updatedness i experienced was ; very low - very very high .
member firms may be expelled from the network even if otherwise they behave unacceptably .
how much personal effort ( in time and energy ) did you even spend recommending or suggesting improvements made to this system ’ s interface ?
please rate for the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities , relative to all your other major competitors : we can successfully integrate our existing knowledge with the brand new information and knowledge acquired .
It usually bothers me when companies ask me for personal  information
we generally increase capacity ( i . e . , prepare firms to handle a greater net volume of business ) before our competitors do the exact same .
i am satisfied with hearing it .
we should have enhanced our it competence .
how much influence do you have in determining exactly what tasks to work on from day day to day ?
this section pertains to the usage of meetings or conferences calls under this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent at which companies support or disagree with the following criteria : the auditor assesses the performance of the vendor team during the meetings or the conference calls .
How knowledgeable is the TMT about the potential and limitations of current IS?
now , i find the electronic mail system useful in my job
how knowledgeable now are you about it or for business people to contact outside your personal organization as source of information about it ?
i must have formed a very favorable impression toward the product that i ’ ve just examined .
how likely do you , within the next three years ? : write or call a company and talk about the way it uses personal information .
i have seen what they do using their pws .
importance of activity three years from now : train people and educate is professionals
difficulties in transferring computer - based information between microcomputers and larger devices .
control over production costs .
time required on systems development
more like using this website
they would find mds to be easily accessible and portable .
Our volume estimates for production goods are reliable.
members of this team actively engage in advanced unit testing .
evaluate the cost of product design and prototyping after the cpc [MASK] solution first was deployed .
more please rate the effectiveness by rating which your new product development work unit uses against the effectiveness of it tools ( e . g . , transformation functions ) to create new meaning to digital information by changing its form in the new product - development process .
this actual process of using electronic mail is ( would be ) : very unpleasant - extremely pleasant
how will you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to support potential new markets ?
supervision - on the job
to just what extent does the ess enable for you to broaden your outlook ?
Overall, I feel satisfied with the kind of work I do in this job.
we find difficulty in reaching agreement with offshore vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) when problems arise .
they will have up - to - date hardware and application software
a service here that will improve my grades is : bad - good .
We utilize formalized planning techniques.
it increased my ability to integrate the facts .
using this website increased my productivity in online shopping .
to what extent ? does the ess enable you to verify assumptions ?
Controllable
I would buy pirated software if there is no punishment for doing so.
I believe that most professional people do a very good job at their work.
Members of this group believe that with enough people working on a project, any bug can be quickly found and fixed.
in relation to other project design teams you have been a member of , or observed , how does even your design development team rate you on your reputation for work excellence ?
my peers are supportive of this change to the new way of working with the nop community .
but after browsing for a while i had no idea where exactly to go next .
do you insist that the detailed systems design report should be more formally approved by consulting the manager of the operating function involved before programming begins ?
members out of this group value the reputation they gain by participating actively in open source projects .
integrated processes exist to ensure that product life - cycle processes are easily identified and ultimately planned concurrently with design after which the cpc solution was deployed .
number of levels between it head and .
generally speaking , i just want to do what my friends think i should not do .
the images used in the new website are exciting .
the employees are consistently courteous with users
it is very easy to combine or recombine , this business process with other business processes .
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: effective-ineffective
business insights are exchanged between us and through our other channel partners
Relationship with other parties in the project (CEO, Users, Vendor).
this section pertains to the usage of interviews or conference calls during this outsourcing process . please indicate the manner in which you agree to disagree with the following statements : the client initiates frequent meetings or conference calls with the project team to discuss the project status , issues , and results .
i believe that most professional people do have a very good enough job at their work .
what is your general general knowledge of client - server ?
sources indicate a level of agreement with the following statement : “ the project executive had a solid opinion of the systems development process . ”
quality control is systematically used in managing systems development .
ii am able to take notes of class instruction
should a similar ordering need arises in the future , i would feel comfortable using a data exchange again and place my order .
IS employees are consistently courteous with users
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is clear in meaning was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the below table relative to its major competitors : management effectively administers all tasks and functions .
if i use a personal computer i will increase the quantity of output for the exact same amount of effort .
using the system is a ( bad / bad ) idea .
level of staff performance , challenges i face ( e . g . , updating it skills , information and work overload , and electronic monitoring ) .
I think that other people look at my profile to find out more about me.
create and edit formulas that do not change when they are being copied ?
installment loan payment systems : exclusively internal - exclusively external
We require detailed, factual information to support our day-to-day decision making.
people on this team answer each other ' s questions with a cooperative manner .
congress approved the information requirements analysis developed by the information systems / data processing staff .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it and execute its services ?
ability for customize outputs to various user needs .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product - development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we ensure only that the output of our work is synchronized directly with the work productivity of the others .
information that is easy and read is … ( not important for all / extremely important )
" how knowledgeable are you about your competitors ’ use of it ?
in doing all your job , how often do you use a microcomputer on to a local area network network ?
the tools also provided by the site allow me to obtain the product
the senior management of our firm also actively articulates a vision for the organizational use and of sustainable enterprise resource planning .
our organization has achieved the following key outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner : strategic resource control
product needs significant customization for meet your requirements .
financial liquidity : much more better than all the competition - much worse than the competition .
right now , to what great extent do you feel distressed ?
The IS department I work in is a very personal place. It is like an extended family and people seem to share a lot of themselves.
trainer concentrated on individual learning points .
employees should be consistently courteous with users
please note : effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : they are effective in utilizing technologies into new products .
are the different output options ( the print types , page sizes allowed for , etc . ) really sufficient for your use ?
your firm using it within this next 6 weeks would be : effective - ineffective .
Amount of physical strain I suffer (e.g., eye strain, pain in the neck/back/wrist/hand/shoulder/legs).
this system improved the performance of the my organization .
users actively participate in identifying input / output patterns .
i am also frustrated by increasing automation in my home .
I generally trust other people unless they give me reasons not to.
using a pws improves my average job performance .
while using the web site i found my visit quite enjoyable .
that it will not reduce the security of important information .
What is your general knowledge of project management practices?
it therefore is often very easy to combine or recombine this business process with other processes .
Given a choice, I would take part in a project similar to the current project.
i am often kept on - the lookout for new products or new brands that will add to my personal uniqueness .
when is promises not to do something by a certain time , it always does so
for me , a website presence that is very useful in purchasing products is important .
i would find a lower end for my policy using the agency than through an agent .
the voice mail system provides helpful guidance in performing tasks
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on efficiency of operations?
the system is not compatible with other systems i systems .
our general software development approach ( the es ) are such that they can be customized by individual project management teams to suit their context .
Effectiveness in managing implementation.
i prefer to do something that improves my thinking abilities rather than something that requires conscious thought .
Our IS provide sufficiently detailed information to support prudent decision making.
working in this distributed team is helping me learn ways to streamline the company ’ s business processes .
the tools provided by the site help me to replace a product .
as to the comparable is projects , how did the most recently completed project rate on ability to meet its goals ?
To what extent have the business areas been involved in the creation of the business case?
We periodically simplify existing code.
we frequently exchange knowledge about the business environment ( u . g . , other business relationships ) with our customers
but please indicate also how important the following following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : systems integration
a specific help support person or group is responsible for assistance with system maintenance .
purchasing from the website would create more product risk ( i . e . , not working , defective product ) when compared to more traditional forms of shopping .
my pcs are okay for some odd jobs but not the kind of job i want .
the benefits of the crc may outweigh the disadvantages .
- - - returns me to my requests quickly .
organization and people closed and .
to indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs in your company three years from now : ability can interpret business problems & provide appropriate technical knowledge
The other members of the group don't seem to respect my contributions.
the equipment ( printers , computers , computers etc ) in the crc are often not compatible with the other computers i can use .
With respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client team has strong relationship management capabilities.
in my hard work , i have to try to balance two , or more conflicting preferences .
please rate your general knowledge about imaging technology .
the quality of system ease and integration into other systems i originally expected was ; very low - very excellent .
i would find it easy to get chart - ready to do what you want it to
it is important to always make shopping easy .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or expertise are in supporting the following needs within your company three years from now : ability to accomplish ;
the mainframes that you .
strategic goals responsible for entering businesses into it outsourcing relationships are ( both unique , in all or almost all of the business units … and common across all or almost all of the business units )
i believe my credit rating company will protect you in case of future transactions with sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace .
Purchasing this product from this website would be easy.
other software in the crc is not consistent with the software i use .
Innovation is seen as being closely tied to the degree of success or failure of our IS group achievements.
ease of transfer for users to computer facilities via terminals
idea generation techniques , such as as brain storming are used in system design .
member firms have benefited from the skills / abilities of other members .
they feel emotionally drained from my work .
the intensity rate of job - site related pc use ( minutes per day , at work )
what is just the extent to which it is your responsibility to actively engage in scanning the security environment inside the organization for threats to the project team ?
Our systems development methodology helps to achieve the goals of our IS department.
I will definitely try this product.
with particular respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the financial extent to which you agree or disagree , with the following financial statements : the vendor team is very knowledgeable worldwide about information systems science and technology .
Use of a PC will increase the flexibility of changing jobs.
our process for strategic is planning of numerous participants .
we had discussions about what criteria to use to select from our various decision alternatives .
my interaction with this website was unpleasant / awkward .
however the methodology does not sufficiently involve top management .
software applications on multiple machines and multiple sizes are interoperable with each other across our channel partners
i ( dislike / like ) . the idea of using : the crc .
Importance of activity now: integrate existing and new business applications
instructions when using equipment in the crc will be hard - follow .
is breakdown will critically affect one or more of our government departments .
our company can provide adequate technical technical support to using enterprise resource planning .
perhaps my experience with not using this website was better than what i had expected .
My attitude toward using --- is (very unfavorable/ very favorable)
in general , this business partner is knowledgeable about their industry or business .
i would use websites with similar user characteristics to those of this particular website in the future .
specify the extent to that which information you would reveal ( the information ) available through the internet : possible - impossible .
how much effort ( in time and energy ) , did you spend recommending or even suggesting any improvements to this system ’ s hardware ?
understanding the common information needs of organizational subunits .
The escrow method in Amazon’s auction marketplace: guarantees that I will get what I pay for.
i need to consult my user manual often when using electronic mail
decision - making in our is group tends often to occur in a decentralized manner .
how often have you participated in and / and participated in initiating new is projects ?
Upward Communication
that it will create problems in integrating with others our current operations .
When people have failed in life it is often their own fault.
to facilitate this , our bu ’ s business procedures and routines are linked with the ones of our own .
interacting closely with the electronic mail system is often frustrating
average performance of a web site that is well organized was … ( far lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
what is your general knowledge of global enterprise resource planning ?
application of relational database technology
as an example
information that are clear in meaning is … ( not important after all / extremely important )
The information in this auction listing does not help me at all
atm processing : primarily internal - exclusively external
volume of output information provided by running the system
cio and tmt are :
to indicate the possibility of enterprise resource planning adoption by your firm ’ s customers .
Overall, most of my expectations from using this website were confirmed.
Revenue growth: Much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
increased ceo involvement in reviewing consultant ' s recommendations .
please demonstrate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we are interested in utilizing them into their products .
I am concerned about security for Internet commerce.
i am concerned that your companies here are collecting too much personal information about me .
I put in a lot of effort.
Our systems development methodology helps to develop more reliable systems.
how likely are they , in the next three years to : write or call an elected official or consumer organization ? learn about the way companies use personal information .
In my opinion, using the site increased my shopping effectiveness.
but our banking software and portfolio is more sophisticated and complex than those of peer banks
evaluation of systems priorities to reflect overall organizational objectives
i would use websites with identical characteristics to those of this website in the us .
to your firm , using it in the next 6 days would be : very - difficult .
importance of activity for three years from now : support existing portfolio of applications
if you are a highly effective manager in a current job , the likelihood ( probability ) of you will get more economic rewards than doing another job is . . .
our systems development methodology helps to help get the systems accepted .
people in my organization who have a pws have a high score .
It would be easy for me to become skillful at using Books amillion.com.
i have fun using the solar system .
to what extent is your is department using moses at all ?
please indicate how important , following is knowledge or skills are needed supporting the computing needs for your company three years from completion : ability to learn about business functions
I intend to continue using the WWW rather than use any alternative technology.
i strongly recommend shopping online to you .
please also rate the effectiveness of and your npd work unit participation in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we spend considerable time outdoors reading trade publications and magazines .
my job is done .
i am usually aware only who are logged on online .
all these things considered , the internet would cause serious privacy problems .
there are accuracy problems in the data i use or needed in facilitating this information exchange .
In your relationship with (partner company) what percentage of delivery procedures were changed to suit each other’s needs?
our major suppliers have computer systems in place to better respond to our latest enquiries .
it is difficult to secure top management commitment for implementing a plan .
the large number of other people that tend not to get involved with important issues slows down in the decision - making process within our is group .
what is the extent to what it is my responsibility to engage in reviewing project design with others ?
Shopping on the web saves time.
number 7 = many
develop a good understanding with top management on the role of is in supporting strategy .
if a more similar ordering need arises in the future , i would feel more comfortable in using this data exchange again to place my order .
Our company can provide adequate technical support to using  enterprise resource planning .
importance of activity three years from right now : develop databases
how likely are you , within the last three years to continue to buy a product if you disagree with the way a company uses personal information ?
emphasizing quantity over output
dr . x has no understanding of why humans working under x do what they do .
government confidential - public .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We have a global understanding of each other’s tasks and responsibilities.
the general , sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions had performed a great job of meeting their financial obligations to me during our transactions . ( reverse )
when people give personal information through a company for some purpose , the company will never use the information for any other reason .
how much has your systems and programming staff increased over the past ten years ?
very flexible
processes used for managing customer relationships with it vendors , are ( unique , in all or almost all of the business units … common across almost all or almost all of the business units )
the tools provided by the site help to determine the attributes of the products i intend to buy .
All in all, I am satisfied with my job
companies should not provide this information for any purpose unless it has been authorized of the individuals who provided the information .
all the same data i enter in on the form are the ones received by the vendor .
once this certification period is over , i will be interested by continuing to use a smart card payment system in my business .
Using the Exact card system enables me and my staff to process payments more quickly.
greater confidence in systems
my organization had established rules of behavior for use of computer resources .
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills that are in supporting the computing needs of all your company three years from now : knowledge support of business functions
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: clear to interact with-obscure to interact with
i am very contented with the security information system .
i am also dissatisfied with the procedures that our team uses to communicate .
I have a defined role in my workgroup.
In general, my need to obtain certain information or services from the Internet is greater than my concern about privacy.
most of my teammates will approach their job with professionalism and dedication .
For me, learning how to get product information easily from a website is.
--- is versatile in addressing needs as they arise.
for adding this adjective , please circle around the number that best - matches a description of yourself when you can interact with microcomputers : unimaginative
just using this website increases to my productivity in shopping ( for e . g . , making purchase pricing decisions or finding product information within the shortest time frame ) .
online companies are always honest with customers , when it comes to using ( the information ) services that i myself would provide .
i feel that the huge amount amount of work i do interferes with how well it is done .
have metrics and time - based targets been well established for key outcomes / social benefits ?
My job produces strain that makes it difficult to fulfill family duties.
the senior management of this business unit that has been helpful in the introducing pcs .
but our discussions were well organized .
the exchange provides data that is current and to meet current business needs .
the methodology fails to take into consideration legal and environmental issues .
evaluate for the typical extent of reuse and of existing design features in both the products designed after the cpc solution was deployed .
if i wanted to , he would easily operate any from the equipment in the crc on my behalf .
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is easy to comprehend is poor ( much lower than you thought / very higher than i thought )
shopping online is a more effective way to make a purchase .
how knowledgeable it is the top management team about how your top competitors are applying it ?
Our process for strategic IS planning includes numerous participants.
Approximately what percent of the organizations in your industry use EDI for purchasing?
in terms of job roles and responsibilities , i have always given too much attention .
you rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit in the above activities relative to their major activity : we spend considerable time reading trade publications and magazines .
i would consider this more convenient to ask myself about auto insurance policy coverages by reading from the internet site than by asking questions of an agent .
working with partner company has led your company to analyze and redesign solutions linked to channel design to improve the performance of each channel on the network .
how much weight would that the project manager executive ’ s recommendation have in any decision that it would affect your professional standing ?
It offers various ways to communicate between the customer and the company.
i feel fine doing business on an internet because internet vendors generally fulfill their agreements .
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the cloud computing needs of your company now : the ability to be sensitive to organizational behavior culture / politics
our company relies most heavily on is for efficient operation .
it is a complex and often difficult task for your consulting firm to make rapid organizational changes to accommodate the internet interorganizational system
importance of activity three years from now : implement new software or changed computer - supported business process processes
When I was using MS Excel, I used features that helped me derive insightful conclusions from the data.
quality goals within information management are very specific .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to be self-directed and proactive
I find the system to be easy to use.
and do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in building it and support having manufacturing / operations flexibility ?
this second section pertains only to the actual usage of requirements documentation provided by the client team in implementing this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree or you disagree with the following requirements statements : the client provides feedback to the vendor team on the extent and to which the vendor team meets the client requirements requirements as specified in the requirement documentation .
based on the reports provided to you about the web sites , do you expect that this web site quickly loads all software and graphics ?
doug the computer software consultant at architects unlimited comes to know about the software . the consultant wants him to keep a copy of the software at the lab , so that only any employee at the company can copy and use the software . doug watson lets the consultant make a copy out of the new software .
it was easy enough for my staff and i to become skillful at using the exact card entry system .
this task is relatively unaffected by the use by other individuals or departments .
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to support enhancing existing products/services?
companies should also take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access any personal information in their computers .
please indicate your level of agreement with the following mission statement : “ the project executive had developed a solid professional understanding of the systems development process . ”
the information in this online auction listing is to the point
how well did the contractors perform all they promised in terms of providing applications development specified under the sla ?
the design techniques used are for the software .
Please rate the attitude of your top management toward the deployment of information technology in your organization.
The information on the website is effective.
a proper on - - - job tryout of the top members of the pws is not possible .
prompt processing : requests for changes to existing systems
merchants who use the exact number system have more prestige than those that do not .
build up a professional reputation
sisp output has to sufficiently meet the need for data administration in the organization .
i expect that it would be very easy for me now to become skillful at using mds .
companies should devote much more time and effort to preventing unauthorized access , to personal information .
reduction in the time to transmit change of orders .
i believe strongly that legaladvice . com would act immediately in my best interest .
among all my peers , i am usually the first to actually try out new information technologies
I would find it more convenient to purchase the policy on the web than through an agent.
that section pertains to the usage of requirements documentation provided by each client in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree on the following statements : the client assesses the degree to which the vendor adequately meets the criteria provided by their client .
i feel comfortable using the internet tv on my very own
reduced stockout time .
please rate your current knowledge about imaging technology .
' the quality of information availability i originally expected , was ; very low - very high .
i have learned a lot more from the other members of this group .
if i wanted to , i now could very easily operate any of the equipment in the crc on to my own .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is in general, useful in your purchase decision was… (very poor/very good)
Sales revenue.
how certain are your plans to deliver it within the next six months ?
using an ems system [ would increase ] the productivity of groups i worked with .
all points considered , using the internet tv is either extremely bad / extremely good
extent to which formal policies to promote quality of reusable software / code are implemented .
the information in this email e - mail is … consistent / inconsistent
using such a pws improves the quality of work i do .
to what extent is your home is department using moses at present ?
most of my colleagues think the change to a new way of working outside the nop system is no good idea .
please indicate how essential the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of the company three generations before now : 4th generation languages
while using the web site i felt completely in control .
Sensation Feeling (SF)
it will have high costs to buy and develop .
using electronic mail enhances my effectiveness at the job
how important is the training that it really would take to get your current employees " up to speed " for your firm regarding the future use of it in the next next 6 months ?
information we need is in the computer , but it requires special programming to get it out .
the total quality of information reliability i originally expected was ; very - low - very high .
the tools already provided by the site make it very easy for me to easily find an online store to obtain the product .
that it will substantially increase our defense costs .
i also find the crm system to be flexible to interact with
Online companies that have my personal information provide better value than those without holding my personal information.
when i was using the ms excel , i felt totally immersed in learning what i was doing .
Employees will give prompt service to users
please indicate how : the following is knowledge or skills required in supporting the computing needs for your company now : telecommunications
easy to be skillful
Companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in their files is accurate.
using a pws made it easier to do my job .
i would be willing to also provide my full social security number to legaladvice . com .
I like to have greater product choice.
next time i need someone to shop for a sports watch , i sure would like to use this website .
my dear , i help each other better than most other teams on which i have worked .
i find the ( function - related ) components of ( system ) to find flexible to interact with .
i intend to use the system in just the next < n > few months .
but i feel pressured .
to what extent are you willing to use over the internet to conduct sales transactions at e - commerce auction sites that require you to provide credit card purchase information ( e . g . , by using sites for purchasing goods , or purchasing software ) ?
we have greatly enhanced economies of scale in human resources .
Members of this group believe it is inappropriate to distribute code changes without going through the proper channels.
to be successful enough in my job , i must not pretend to not care about customers ’ problems even when i am indifferent .
the web page ’ s performance by providing information that is informative to your purchase decision was … ( very poor / very successful )
the business procedures and routines of our business unit employees are highly coupled closely with the ones of our channel partners
involvement by doing . the user is a working team member , or is the official " liaison " with the control systems development group .
is support for users in preparing proposals for their new systems
fixing bugs and other types of rework account for quite a significant proportion of systems ' development effort .
accuracy of output .
overall , this business partner is successful and proficient
please note how important the project is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : distributed .
reduced inventory management costs .
i am likely to return to see this website for my next purchase .
i predict he would use the money in the next < n > months .
companies should have better procedures to prevent errors in personal information .
evaluate product quality based on the number of ecos , the cpc solution was introduced .
entering into such a partnership with other public agencies .
using electronic mail makes it ( would make doing it ) easier just to do my job .
I find this web site easy to use.
my am concerned about how much i can trust the vendor .
for me , being able to easily hand operate equipment on only my own time is : ( unimportant / important ) .
there is a sense of personalness to the website .
works together as a team with you ( customer ) .
projects whose primary benefit are providing new decision support information to middle and lower level of management .
control systems are used to monitor variances between planned decisions and behavior .
To be effective in my job, I must try to be sympathetic with customers even when I am not.
we rate this effectiveness of your new product development service unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we ensure that the output of your work is synchronized with the output of others .
please indicate how useful the following technical knowledge or skills are in meeting the computing needs of your company now : ability to interpret business problems & the appropriate technical solution
the extent to which information exchanged ( e . g . , product sales reporting , product quality information , product service availability , inventory information , etc . ) with ( partner company ) needs to be converted / translated ; to be interpreted by ... your company .
defines all the deliverables required .
constrained ? controlled ?
how much of those impacted by the change support the initiative ?
thus the network is designed to enable its member firms to gain access to the experiences / knowledge bases of other members .
i also would have difficulty explain why using such a pws may or may not be beneficial .
for become partners of the network , candidate firms must be known to , or have a prior relationship to , existing members .
with a tough legal issue , i would be willing to pay for a 30 - second phone consultation with my legaladvice . a lawyer .
how carefully do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to execute inbound logistics logistics ?
quantitative targets are used to help manage projects , to manage suppliers , support risk management , coordinate training , and coordinate among the project and stakeholders after the cpc solution was deployed .
please indicate how useful the following core knowledge and skills are in meeting the computing needs of your company three years from now : ability to understand the business environment
our data processing operations are more complex than the data processing and operations expected of peer banks
level of communication skills required of me to learn to use the software / system and interpret the data it generates .
in general , the vendor is very knowledgeable enough about issues outside of web - based data exchanges .
if you are indeed a truly highly effective performer in exactly your most current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you will be assigned challenging duties that increase your professional competence is . . .
instructions that be hard to follow are : bad - good .
most internet vendors do a capable job at meeting their customer needs .
in all your experience , how frequently are subordinates afraid to express a disagreement with their superiors ?
i intend to also continue using the internet tv during the next three months
i would find chart - master to be flexible to interact .
performance levels are benchmarked with those of the other firms .
does the student information system provide sufficient information to properly enable you to properly do your tasks ?
The pressures that arise in handling day-to-day tasks keep our IS group from planning for its future.
supplier that he is absolutely trustworthy .
non - restricted .
when companies ask me for my personal information , i sometimes think twice , before actually providing it .
this web interface is helpful for me [MASK] to fully understand the performance of the product .
i believe that i had too few options and consider leaving this organization .
but it usually bothers me when companies ask me for personal information .
all things considered , the internet would have serious privacy problems .
the methodology is not entirely based on any theoretical framework .
Identifying opportunities for internal improvement in business processes through IT.
Have city departments and agencies implemented cost accounting procedures to track or estimate the cost of major programs or activities?
i could complete the job using only a spreadsheet package , if only i had a lot of time to complete the job for which the computer software was provided .
while interacting with the internet tv does not require a lot of work my mental effort
all - clear .
if i use a computer i will increase both quality and output of my job .
how do you assess your firm ' s performance in applying it to support enhancing network linkages ?
i feel at ease in a computer science class .
evaluate product quality based on the number number of product design errors or defects before using the cpc [MASK] solution was deployed .
Consumer online privacy is really a matter of consumers’ right to exercise control and autonomy over decisions about how their information is collected, used, and shared.
Importance of activity three years from now: implement new or changed computer- supported business processes
using an ems improves [ would be ] the performance in groups i work with .
Using the CRM system in my job will increase my productivity
please rate the pressure to adopt edi placed against the organization by your competitors .
the web - site ’ ' s performance in providing information that is valuable prior to making your purchase decision was … ( not much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
how much influence do you have in establishing rules and procedures about where your work is to get handled ?
our advanced systems development methodology helps to develop more maintainable systems .
use membership of a steering committee for developing and monitoring the information system
i will recommend this website directly to friends .
the diversity of software packages used for work ( number in packages )
companies should devote more time and effort to preventing unauthorized modifications to personal computers .
i actively seek to increase my personal uniqueness by buying special goods or brands .
the product listing looks organized
There is a need for significant firm-specific training for a new employee to effectively execute this business process, even when he or she has general experience in our industry.
online companies that hold my personal information provide higher value than those without holding my personal information .
quality and competence of systems analysts employed directly by is department
i really am concerned that a person can find private information about me on the social internet .
how would most you rate this design team on their own reputation for work excellence during requirements definition ?
our systems development methodology helps to estimate future project risks .
all journal publications also count .
Please indicate your level of agreement with the following statement: “The project executive had considerable knowledge about how to build and implement systems.”
we have difficulty both in locating , accessing , and transferring the information when not needed from the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) .
our group probably used up the electronic meeting system improperly .
Do city departments have measures of performance in meeting the objectives of city programs?
the business procedures and routines of every business unit are highly coupled with the ones for our customers
This website contains product information exciting to senses.
i also believe i have the unique ability to summarize numeric information using a spreadsheet .
insurance contractors do not make false claims .
the tools provided by the web site facilitates the ordering process .
I find the Internet TV easy to use
the web site ’ s performance when generating information which is in general , understandable for you in making your purchase decision was … ( very poor / not good )
our philosophy of doing business was guided by the need of putting customers first
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I found my visit enjoyable.
the management provides the necessary help / resources to get me to change to the new way of working with the nop network .
ceo ' s s informal contacts with it management
this last section pertains to the usage of meetings or conference calls in implementing this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : where the vendor client assesses the performance of either the vendor team during the meetings or the other conference phone calls .
everyone on the team uses their own standards for coding .
The tools provided by the site allow me to provide my evaluation of the product to the company.
i vary the information i look at in my ess .
setting performance and expectations
overall , i would give back the information i provided by - - - a high rating in the terms of quality .
however well did the contractors deliver what they promised by terms of providing infrastructure services ( e . g . , facilities management ) specified through the sla ?
is gives users individual .
for me , getting objective product information directly from a website is .
Working in this distributed team is helping me learn how to streamline the team’s internal processes.
seeing this website can improve my shopping performance .
do you insist that systems are documented as they are being developed for review and control purposes rather early than after they are successfully implemented ?
My peers are supportive of the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
in respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please note the extent to which you agree or disagree with the three points : the vendor team are honest and truthful .
and the web site ’ s performance in not providing information that is in general , understandable for you and in making your purchase decision , was very … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
we optimize coordination between our departments and / or service lines .
i would find it more if i use this web tool rather than an agent .
i would recommend this basic training program to others .
what is your general knowledge , lan ?
compared to google alone : enables me to find good information quickly .
This seller is likely to care for my welfare.
it provides various assortments of goods products and services .
overhead cost - reduction .
i will use this information always to do shopping in any emergency situations .
user ’ s understanding knowledge of systems
How often have you participated in and/or led in implementing information systems projects?
the quality of system user friendliness i originally expected was ; very high - extremely high .
this business organization is truthful in their dealings with our organization
getting a pws makes it easier to do my job .
and to what extent , does the ess enable you to re - orient your thinking ?
using the crc will not fit well with the way i work .
How likely is it that you will be very satisfied with the information system?
i use only the ess to see what ' s new .
i trained other users to successfully use this system .
computers always make me feel uncomfortable .
evaluate a cio ’ s level of knowledge :
amazon . com enhances my effectiveness while in cd shopping .
I find (would find) Electronic Mail useful in my job.
team members here in my distributed team are willing to help if you need for it .
What is the percentage for applications developed by your IS staff using fourth-generation languages or CASE technologies?
We have increased access to key information technologies.
based on the reports provided to you about this web site , do you expect that this web site quickly changed all text and graphics ?
after viewing this web site , i decided ( will never do it again / will definitely use it again )
The quality of the responsiveness of the support service I originally expected was; very low-very high.
extent to which you exchange information related to changes of supply network structure , such as addition or dropping of partner assets , acquisitions , and alliances , or ( partner company ) .
the extent to which building this community helps you to make decisions .
very short lead time required for new systems development
has a common or joint sense of mission and purpose with thank you ( or customer ) .
the quality of information accuracy i experienced was ; extremely low - extremely high .
member firms share a history of common destiny .
overall , members of our group agreed on how we should use the electronic meeting time system extensively for our future work .
when i was using ms excel , i added features that helped me compare and analyze some of the data .
most internet auction retailers and auction sellers are honest .
you will be comfortable acting on the landlord / tenant information given to me by legaladvice . com .
please indicate how very important the following is knowledge or professional skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company right now : ability to deal with ambiguity
how very much would suppliers / vendors approve of your firm using it in the next next 6 months ?
although it might be helpful , using a pws computer is certainly not compulsory in my new job .
compared to others , i am very sensitive about the way online companies use my personal information .
the information in this auction listing does not bother me at all
and when users have a problem , these is units will not show a sincere interest in solving it
it bothers me to just give personal information to so many online advertising companies .
the senior management of our firm actively formulated a strategy for the best organizational use instead of enterprise resource planning .
the prompt processing of requests for changes to existing systems
how do you evaluate your ph ' d performance in applying it to support creating its products / services ?
work with “ list files ” create wildcard characters ?
i should feel pressured .
the information provided by - - - are well formatted .
The methodology does not sufficiently involve top management.
Completeness of output information
what processes are there to capture and leverage benefits that were not expected , not discovered ?
shared view of the role reversal is also a competitive weapon for our organization
Knowledge about all of our channel partners, competitors, etc., is shared with our other customers
the first demonstration on this website is lively .
i feel like i can trust my team members completely .
the web site ’ its performance in publishing information that is clear in meaning was … ( very poor / very poor )
the information from - - - is always kept up to date .
importance of activity now : develop new databases
i use instant messenger to talk to people from this local community frequently .
schedule of activity three years from now : analyze software packages . evaluation & selection
I concentrated fully – I did not concentrate fully.
how important is financial cost for your firm , regarding making the use of it in the next 6 months ?
The size of the planning team is very large.
how often is pair programming used again on this team ?
for me , getting useful information about a person from the website is .
training encouraged trial and error procedures .
evaluate the typical extent or reuse on existing design features in the products designed , the cpc solution was deployed .
Work with “List Files” using Wildcard Characters?
compared with other subjects on my list , my privacy is very important .
i would be using the site for future purchases .
my organization educates our employees on their computer security responsibilities .
overall quality of information accessibility he experienced was ; very low - very high .
my entire staff and i find the exact card system easy to use .
purchasing from a website would involve more financial risk ( i . e . , expensive , hard to return ) when dealing with more traditional forms of shopping .
there is also a sense of human contact in the website .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: expect systems/AI
my interaction with chart - master would become clear and understandable
to what extent do you believe that the communication report provided to your project manager regarding the project status was : not non - credible
After using this Web site, I am …(very displeased/very pleased)
it is important to always minimize personal hassle .
i really am very pleased with the information system .
overall , i would give the following information from - - - - high marks .
how likely is it that you will be working at the wrong company any time next year ?
the ministry of computer services staff
Symbolic involvement. User input is requested but ignored.
completeness evaluation of training provided to users .
the planning process considered by the methodology is inappropriate .
user ’ s own feeling of participation
using booksamillion . com can increase my reading effectiveness .
Interesting? Boring?
I would find it more convenient to educate myself about auto insurance policy coverages by reading from the web site than by asking questions of an agent.
please understand the pressure to adopt edi placed in your organization by your competitors .
Using a PWS is often frustrating.
i am playful when we interact with the world - wide web
you need some data on the up - to - the - minute status , operations or events but never get it .
Improve the quality of existing service.
my work environment allows for me to complete work in a timely and cost effective manner .
it will be within my budget to purchase this product from the web vendor within these next 30 days .
user confidence measures in systems
and the web - site ’ s performance that in general , provides very good access was … ( very poor / very good )
identifying the projects and the data architecture identified in the sisp output requires substantial data analysis .
volume of output information provided by operating the system
we developers of project ems would probably remain shocked at [ disagree with ] how our group used the system .
Dehumanizing? Humanizing?
I oppose the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
my staff and i find the credit card system easy to use .
it is intended to minimize payment time .
Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: effective - ineffective.
the escrow method in the amazon ’ s auction marketplace : protects - me from an inappropriate purchasing behavior of sellers .
i have the resources necessary to use that system .
i often become confused when i use ... the electronic mail system
using the crc is a : : idea - wise idea .
job .
In terms of the features of the Web site that provide the information you need, using the Web site made you …(very displeased/very pleased)
are projects implemented in a rational manner ?
For products I can buy online, I intend to completely switch over to online shopping.
Quality of work
how would you rate this design team on their proven ability to meet the goals of building the project during your requirements definition ?
this web vendor would not seek and take advantage of me when i purchase this product from it .
My boss does not require me to use a PWS.
our systems development methodology now helps to develop new applications faster .
is the future state anticipated for future implementation of the program clearly understood and stated in the plan ?
it is important to minimize costs of shopping .
is department profitability ( from chargeouts for services as one call center )
performance levels are benchmarked with those from other firms .
i believe that this vendor would act in our best interest .
" i have informal contact with tmt members
engineers perceive that the system meets intended functional requirements
The experiences from implementing the methodology are not sufficiently transferable across divisions.
I presently intend to use Electronic Mail regularly.
using the internet tv improves my performance for communication with information search
user involvement by doing . a user is a key design team member , employee or is the official " liaison " with the information systems development group .
i expect that i will be able and use mds at anytime , anywhere .
Dehumanizing? Humanizing?
i trust those online companies would keep my best interests in mind when dealing with ( the subject )
is the information provided useful regarding your questions or problems ?
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in early phases on this project .
our team members carefully interrelated actions to each - other in this particular project .
it is very very difficult for our competitors to replicate how we do in this business process .
considering the loss that i incur , the change made to adopt the current new way of working with the nop system is of good value .
and how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in not applying it directly to support providing value - added services ?
control rules over project schedule .
the tools provided by each site ensure satisfactory delivery .
user confidence in ;
in short , how exactly would your firm usually want to do what the ( social ) systems people / group think the firm should do ?
the company has one up - to - date website .
the retail prices of all the product ( s ) i have purchased from x ’ s internet site are too high , given the quality of the merchandise
Importance of activity now: support hardware
overall the benefits of having this system developed for my organization are : not at all - very much .
Learning to operate the Exact card system was easy for me and my staff.
how do ( es ) the it projects ( s ) within the program rank by complexity relative to the it projects in the organization ?
also in an order to increase profits , a general manager used a production process that exceeded legal liability limits for environmental pollution .
There is a sense of sociability  in the website.
operating costs
use of a pc may increase overall effectiveness of performing certain tasks ( e . g . , analysis )
i am just extremely glad to have chosen this organization to work for us over other organizations .
" i find my experience with this website exciting .
this information pertains to the usage of requirements documentation furnished by the client in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : performance appraisal of the vendor is - dependent , in part , upon the extent with which you satisfy the requirements provided by the customer .
how do we evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to execute decisions ?
some online companies should take more steps , to make sure that even unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers .
my team works well together better than most teams on missions which i have worked .
works independently ( i . e . , minimal reliance by you [ customer ] ) in getting your job ready .
reduced key rekeying .
what do you believe is at the greatest risk for regular internet users due to the possibility that their personal information could be made available to government agencies ?
The tools provided by the site allow  me to find out who sells the product.
Dehumanizing? Humanizing?
There is a sense of human contact in the website.
i find all the ( task - related ) portions out of ( system ) to be flexible to easily interact with .
trading partner : reluctance to change .
the information obtained during the dms training session was valuable .
importance of activity now : develop in - house software applications
they have a higher workload because of increased technology complexity .
implementation process , the manner in which the management system was introduced into your agency by the implementation .
my typical approach was to trust sellers until they prove i should not tell them .
many members of the team know that everyone on the team approaches their own work with professionalism and dedication .
to gather information about auto vehicle insurance companies .
i probably could complete half the job by using the software package if i had only the software manuals for reference .
Installment loan systems: exclusively internal-exclusively external
My interaction with a PWS is clear and understandable.
i am likely to recommend creating this site to my friends .
Job competence is only criterion in hiring people
given the next opportunity , intend to place a bid in the amazon ’ s auctions .
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the advanced computing technology needs of your company now : ability to plan , organize , and lead projects
using just the exact card system enables me and my staff to quickly process payments more quickly .
shopping online increases the quality of decision making .
i will always feel confident that even i can rely on internet vendors to truly do their part when i interact with them .
It is easy for me to remember how to perform tasks using a PWS.
The quality of system reliability I experienced was; very low-very high.
i probably could complete the job using only a word processing package if i could call someone up for help if i got stuck
i feel like my personal life is being invaded by this technology .
Established procedures and practices could be relied upon to develop software that would meet these requirements specifications.
for as long as the present service provider continues , i doubt that i would switch to another website
My work environment allows me to complete tasks in an unsatisfactory manner.
Our business decisions generally follow “tried and true” paths.
i think other people are too much concerned with online privacy issues .
use titles to change the “ home ice position ?
overall , using the free www is advantageous .
quality of the technical support .
the technical skills that computer services providers possess
On average, how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? actual budget that would be consumed by the project.
it is important to minimize the effort of shopping .
i would expect that mds would be reasonably priced .
assuming i had access back to the system , i plan to use only the virtual advisor
please indicate how important a following is knowledge or experiences are in supporting the computing capacity of your company now : ability to deal with ambiguity
there is a sense of human sensitivity about the website .
in relation to other design management teams you have been a member on or observed , what does your design team rate on the number of innovations and new ideas introduced by the design team ?
please indicate the frequency with which to define the design for redundancies using an entity list .
How satisfied were you with the other members in your team?
i am talking about misuse of personal information .
with respect to the client vendor team in this outsourcing business arrangement , please indicate the full extent to certain which either you agree or disagree with the following statements : the vendor team is interested in the client team ’ s well - being , not necessarily just in their own .
in terms of my preferred way of manually selecting a digital camera , this virtual advisor ' ' s reasoning processes for generating recommendations were more restricted
and aid oneself in tasks ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( e ) as a ( technology type ) is : effective - ineffective
The quality of system user friendliness I experienced was; very low-very high.
design procedures and practices could be relied upon to generate requirements specifications .
amazon . com improves its performance in shopping for cds .
we are comfortable using web - based information technologies .
the is strategy is congruent with the corporate and business strategy used in your organization .
for me , getting product specific information easily from a website is .
using the crm system is not safe for a person with my values regarding the use of computers
high job specificity
the is department i work in here is a very dynamic and entrepreneurial place . people are very willing to stick their their necks out and take big risks .
Requirements will fluctuate quite a bit in the future.
information available that is credible is … ( not important at - all / extremely important )
firms generally believe that opportunistic behavior by one member at the private expense of other members is very unlikely .
given my teammates previous performance , i see now no reason to seriously doubt their competence and preparation enough for another team task
because with my status of a pws , others in my organization see me as the more valuable employee .
because { subordinate } only uses software process improvements { subordinate } is more effective in directing his or her software work .
using the crc code would be : ( unpleasant / pleasant ) .
identifying and resolving potential sources of resistance to hiv is plans .
people ’ s private life is its own business
all the information provided by - - - - is clearly presented on the screen .
Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions are in general reliable.
social significance
they believe that a pws is cumbersome to use .
it would be so easy for me to become skillful enough at using books amillion . com .
what much effort ( in fuel and energy ) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system ' s functionalities ?
I feel that I am a part of the team.
my current chief auto insurance agent is also very knowledgeable about auto insurance policies .
the initial performance of the web site , that has a simple layout for its contents , was … ( much lower than you thought / and much higher than you thought )
Using (system) makes it easier to do my (task).
Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization, I expect the contractors to invest more than other vendors in improving current skills to serve us better.
Evaluate product quality based on the number of product design errors or defects after the CPC solution was deployed.
the quality both of system ease and of integration with other systems i originally expected was ; very very low - very high .
some of our operations are more closely connected with the ones of our customers
information systems , executive assumes responsibility for quality performance .
i plan to use what i have learned in the days ahead .
a pws is available for me to adequately test run various applications .
importance of database now : develop databases
there was seldom any change to this business process .
i am likely to purchase additional products ( s ) on my site .
to what extent were you directly involved in disagreements about the system ?
" i have control over using the system .
how do you evaluate your firm ’ s business performance in applying it knowledge to support enhancing existing products / product services ?
for me , getting very valuable information about a product or from a website is .
i have started using the system .
in interacting with them , i must suppress irritation i may feel .
how closely did you consider its suggestions ?
the tools provided by the site allow me can effectively conduct a business transaction online .
There is a sense of human sensitivity in the website.
we intend to use the crc for print projects , papers or assignments this term .
the tools provided by the site ensure successful delivery .
Please rate the effectiveness of your NPD work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: we devote a lot of time implementing ideas for new products and improving our existing products.
but shopping on this website is a good idea .
I trust the online store to deliver the product on time.
difficulty of achieving “ critical mass ” of trading partners .
using a pws improves the quality and work i do .
i am playful when physically i interact with the world - wide web
the information in this auction listing corresponds to the point
using an electronic meeting system : [ would increase ] the productivity of groups i work for .
Knowledge about the goals and objectives of the organization (i.e. the corporate wide business entity) is...of no use / of absolute necessity
To what extent could the project executive distinguish between effective and ineffective systems development actions in the project?
understand / understandable
and to what extent does the final solution reflect your inputs ?
is has up - to - - date hardware and software
i feel i just have to rush to get everything done each day .
I find it cumbersome to use the electronic mail system
please indicate the extent of your enterprise and resource planning adoption by your firm ’ s suppliers .
Most Internet retailers and auction sellers are reliable.
relationships with fellow .
knowledge acquired by firm about use and development techniques .
the attitude of the support service people i experienced was ; very high - a high .
our council members carefully interrelated actions to each other in this manner .
Technical - nontechnical.
please indicate how important of the following is knowledge or what skills are required in supporting the computing needs of your company now : telecommunications
using a pws enhances my effectiveness on the battlefield .
gradually , reducing the recognition of my non - it related experiences / skills / control at work .
other tools provided by the site allow me to upgrade a product .
How often are you able to acquire the additional external information needed to complete a task?
our systems development methodology helps to estimate the expected size factor of the system to be developed .
i am concerned about how much i still can trust the vendor .
in general , my am hesitant to try out new information technologies
overall , what do you feel about the person that you identified : terrible - delighted .
i will purchase back the product the next possible time i need a sports watch .
all contractors are knowledgeable regarding their services .
In doing your job, how often do you use a computer terminal?
To what extent do the plans conform to good project management practice?
is the future state anticipated by continued implementation of the program fully understood and stated in the plan ?
and how much would information systems people / group approve of your firm using for it in the next 6 - months ?
to what extent does the ess enable you ... to further foster your creativity ?
i formally approved work undertaken by the information technology / signal processing staff [ during system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
still , i like the idea of using dms for my job .
an is group often uses temporary teams in resolving problems that arise .
based on the reports provided to you about the web - site , do you expect information available on using the web site to be credible ?
in our relationship , with ( partner company ) , the electronic information exchange helps us provide to each other with a unique perspective that neither of us could have developed on on our own .
we all are comfortable with web - based information technologies .
i don ' s care what happens to this organization as long as i get my paycheck
highly satisfied with the profits .
Importance of activity three years from now: analyze business problems and IS solutions
these computers make me feel uneasy .
is or is dependable
and we share procurement related information electronically between units within our firm .
this is a sense of sociability in the website .
our systems development methodology now helps to reuse earlier requirements , designs and application code during systems development .
i trust that online information companies would keep my best interests in mind when dealing with ( sharing the information )
run around a worksheet using the cursor movement keys ( other times just the keyboard ) ?
the senior management of our firm actively established goals and standards to monitor all the enterprise resource planning and project .
high degree of technical competence among the staff in the is department
our dance partner performs all of their roles very well
the coding and testing techniques necessary for the software .
using of the crm system will enhance my effectiveness on the job
companies should never share personal information with other companies unless it has become authorized to the individuals who share the information .
please indicate how important the following is your knowledge or your skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years away from now : the ability to deal with ambiguity
the electronic mail system addresses my job - - related needs
Are completed projects successful in meeting their design objectives?
the vendor often performs its role of providing the data exchange very well .
Human resources management: exclusively internal-exclusively external
using electronic mail increases job productivity
please indicate how important . the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of the your parent company three years away from now : expect systems / ai
upward .
we have the necessary scale length and volume to justify internal data processing management and operations
i review a consistent set list of reports in the ess .
we have ( or we expect to have ) significant amount of communication between the vendor ( offshore and subsidiary ) us and us .
The tools provided by the site allow me to communicate with the company.
established procedures , and practices could be relied upon to generate requirements specifications .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: distributed processing
the quality of the reliability of the support / service i experienced was ; very very low - very high .
pws are not very visible in my brain .
Competitive advantage.
the website has visually pleasing design .
" we already use the internet for procurement purposes .
Purchasing from this website would involve more financial risk (i.e., fraud, hard to return) when compared with more traditional ways of shopping.
i would expect that using mds would be interesting .
as the auction host / intermediary , amazon / ebay offers high integrity .
purchasing a product from this web site would save me money within the next 30 days .
training has encouraged trial and error approach .
this website would enhance even my effectiveness in purchasing this product .
to indicate how essential the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the core needs of your company three months from now : ability to plan & execute work in a collaborative environment
Team members know who on the team has specialized skills and knowledge that is relevant to their work.
the following questions ask you about how you would characterize yourself when you use personal computers : unoriginal
for me , learning how to get product information easily from what a corporate website is .
many of our design team have example expertise for doing the work .
IS support for users in preparing proposals for new systems
the virtual workspace system or repository used by the team enabled me [MASK] to easily link to my team ’ s repository with other knowledge sources and web applications .
there are always new investments in those technologies we use in our organization .
the background information provided during all the dms training session was persuasive .
" the website is visually appealing .
how often does that external information that you have on hand at the beginning in a task adequate to complete the task ?
i do intend to continue using the internet tv during the next three months
for me , whether - not i have trouble with my disks is : unimportant - not .
ceo ' s own knowledge of it opportunities in the firm
i have found the current project to be a good learning experience .
LegalAdvice.com is interested in my well-being, not just its own.
companies may have better procedures to correct errors in personal information .
i formally describe work done by information systems / information processing staff [ during data definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
i would buy pirated software if it was freely available .
we emphasize “ putting customers first ” throughout the bu
my boss does not want me to use a pws .
The Web site was fun.
and the frequency of pc use
What is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in scanning the environment inside the organization for threats to the project team?
Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization, I expect the contractors to be more willing to work extra hours than other vendors.
how little influence did you have in decisions made about this system and its development ?
the tools provided by the site allow me to provide feedback about my company .
when i was using ms excel , i used features that let me perform calculations on the data .
Firms have benefited from the sharing of customer contacts with other members.
please rate the overall effectiveness level of your new product development work unit in performing the following activities relative to your major competitors : we have adequate training routines to analyze the information and knowledge obtained .
compared to your competitors , how does your performance improve on overall competitive position ?
The exchange maintains data at an appropriate level of detail for my purposes.
Integrated processes exist to ensure that product life-cycle processes are identified and planned concurrently with design before the CPC solution was deployed.
in general , i still am hesitant to try out new information technologies
the quality of the system functionality i originally had expected was ; very low - very high .
i would feel safe giving ( classified information ) to online companies .
numbers indicate the frequency with which you automatically maintain a record of the changes made in the design .
my attention was focused . – my attention was not focused .
time required for systems under development
please rate the performance of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to its major responsibilities : group members ensure the fair sharing of resources .
improved access available to suppliers ’ price and product descriptions .
i get a more personal feeling of satisfaction doing my job
" in general , this business partner is knowledgeable more about their industry and business operations
Our firm experiences frequent over-stocking or under-stocking of production goods.
i never feel busy or rushed .
based upon the reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect that the web page is easy enough change back and forth between pages ?
should we insist on user documentation which is well written and understandable by the user ?
most professionals are very knowledgeable in their respective field .
my secure environment allows them to get help from my supervisor when needed .
the pair has a good “ and ” of each others ' talents and skills .
online companies should take significant steps to make sure that the personal information in these files is accurate .
my supervisor does not require me or use the system .
your firm ’ your competitors
our is will provide us with all the facts and figures we need to support in our day - - to - day decision making .
' i expect the sequencing of hyperlinks in this particular website to be clear .
The website is visually appealing.
the escrow method in amazon ’ s auction house marketplace : protects me from displaying an obviously inappropriate behavior of sellers .
groups who would with find [ and find ] their interaction with an ems clear and understandable .
i am dissatisfied with the procedures that this team uses to communicate .
this behavior of employees will instill confidence in users
this web vendor would be honest , in providing more accurate information about this product .
my staff and i find the exact card storage system designed to be flexible to use .
this business partner also is truthful in their dealings with our organization
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be valuable to making your purchase decision?
groups i now work find [ would find ] an electronic meeting system useful just for group work .
Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in overall efficiencies of NPD process.
In terms of job roles and responsibilities, I have been given too much responsibility.
my organization also established rules of behavior for use of computer resources .
Using --- improves my ability to make good decisions.
it also would be easy for me to become skillful at tasks learned mostly from a computerized training program
i vary the information i look at here in the ess .
the contractors are knowledgeable regarding their work .
Right now, to what extent do you feel distressed?
the tools provided by the site aid me in identifying which different product attributes best to fit my needs .
My relatives think that I should use the Internet TV
major manufacturing innovations are very likely in our modern production goods .
all the money needed to purchase products would make it much more difficult / difficult for one to purchase this product from this web vendor .
i also am able to take notes of class instruction
i trained other users to use this technology .
overall , he would consider the information provided by - - - a high compliment in terms of quality .
there is a requirement for significant firm - specific training for a new employee to effectively execute this business process , even when he / she has no experience in the industry .
our systems development methodology also helps to help estimate the time and effort required for conducting the development of a planned system .
" my team works together better now than most teams on which i have worked .
using dms in my job is no good idea .
I have the resources necessary to use the system.
in doing your day job , how often do you you use a microcomputer on only a local area network ?
Companies should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
I would find CHART-MASTER useful in my job
evaluate : the openness to share product design related information during collaborative interactions related to product software development before the cpc solution was deployed .
right now , to what extent do you seem upset ?
this particular web vendor also would be honest in providing accurate information about this product .
i intend to continue using this system to coordinate with you .
quality of communication of dp and users .
Does the student information system provide output that is exactly what you need?
Our organization emphasizes teamwork in dealing with new technology-related problems.
supplier information that is responsive to your requests .
information that covers a wide range is … ( not limited to all / extremely important )
reduction in the time for transmit change orders .
we had discussions beforehand about what criteria to use to select candidates amongst the various decision alternatives .
As I browsed this website, I had the urge to purchase items other than or in addition to my specific shopping goal.
Dr. X has low tolerance of conflict.
organization and people closed , secretive
i find that people respond to all my posts quickly .
please rate on the relative effectiveness of your new product - development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we ensure that our work tasks ( research activities , designs , reports ) fit together very very well .
I have control over using the system.
evaluate the frequency of user interactions related to product testing and development after the cpc solution was deployed .
how informed are you about about the it - vision statements in your business unit ?
i would recommend this training program to you .
Using the CRM system fits my preferred routine for conducting my job
i intend to continue using this belief system to justify my decisions .
payroll / personnel staff of the implementation staff
Performance standards are used to monitor and control output
extent to which the business - process interfaces with ( partner company ) are similar to how the business process interfaces linked together with other channel partners — in terms of rules and procedures .
please rate the overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities , relative to your major competitors : we are successful in learning many new things within this product group .
members in the team are always trustworthy .
in the context of your organization ’ s overall information and systems budget , how much significant now would the financial cost of developing and implementing information and edi system be ?
recognition receipt of praise
Team members participate in decisions regarding resource allocation to projects.
the information in this e - mail is … helpful / potentially harmful
I am flexible when I interact with the World-Wide Web
We have difficulty in reaching agreement with the vendor (offshore subsidiary) when problems arise.
on average , please indicate only the extent to which , and the percent of which , design specifications actually consists entirely of reused components .
the images used in the brand website make the products look appealing .
social work
Please rate your personal knowledge about Local Area Networks (LANs).
i am able to change to the new way of working with the nop , with any help of others .
the speed by which a typical website currently provides information online would make it much more difficult / easier for me to get information about this product .
An individual formally responsible for coordination (e.g., a project manager).
i would think it more convenient i purchase the policy on the web than through an agent .
for this system , i defined / helped to define report formats .
the methodology fails to accurately take into account organizational goals and strategies .
Quality problems are analyzed to identify problem causes.
Our systems development methodology improves the morale in our IS department.
highly consistent with sales growth rate .
My decision to participate in Amazon auctions is risky.
i feel there are less sharing of knowledge among coworkers for fear of being exploited .
information that covers necessary topics when your purchase decision is … ( not important after all / extremely important )
the degree is that internet usage has been promoted by requirements in government procurement
dr . x has no understanding of just why people working under him do or what they do .
importance of activity now : support of hardware
The network has transparent routines for coordinating work between member firms.
as you previously indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of engaging your work team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced work activity , please indicate the extent to to which you either agree with or disagree with the following statements : this activity also constitutes a core competency for our organization .
project schedules are determined in consultation with team - members .
Your access to computer services staff
i would lose a lot in my work if he decided to switch to the new way of dealing with the nop system .
correcting improved performance
all computer based databases that contain personal information should be protected from unauthorized access - no matter how very much it costs .
using dms in my head is a good idea .
to process our data , our service - users would have to make substantial investments in equipment and technology tailored to our needs
using the website improves my efficiency in shopping ( e . g . , making purchase decisions or finding product information in the shortest time frame ) .
a large majority each of these professional people are competent in their area of expertise .
User’s feeling of participation
to what extent can an ess enable you to challenge your perspectives ?
please rate the effectiveness levels of your new technology product and development work - unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we have effective routines to identify , value , and to import new information and knowledge .
cost of maintaining software . lifetime .
receive a substantial annual salary increases
we always feel confident and i can rely on internet vendors to do their part when i interact with people .
how much conflict about the delegation of tasks exists in your team ?
The operation of --- is dependable.
Are projects implemented in a rational sequence?
my staff and i find that impossible to get the credit card system to do what we want it to do .
adapting the goals / objectives of is to changing goals / objectives of of the whole organization .
please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work this unit uses the quickly prioritizing of tasks and keeping deliverables on track to ensure realistic schedules in the entire new product product - development process .
please indicate the frequency with which will you send messages to other users .
our industry experiences frequent over - stocking or under - stocking the production goods .
defines clearly the deliverables are required .
the intuition thinking ( nt )
to what extent is there your is department using objectory at present ?
but to be effective in doing my job , i must try to be sympathetic with customers even when pretending i am not .
Our systems development methodology helps to plan systems development projects.
our business strategy and financial strategy are closely aligned .
however it will reduce costs in other areas .
for a service relation that is advantageous is : ( bad / good ) .
suppose that a good friend calls me here to go get my advice in starting his / her search for a sports watch ; i would recommend him / her to buy the product .
= overall contribution
i will most definitely try this product .
I have not seen many others using a PWS in my department.
performance standards that have been established for testing
revised another ' d writing .
if i had a new legal case , they would want to use legaladvice . com again . *
It is easy for me to become skillful at using the (task-related) portions of (system)
do changes in data density , processing , and output requirements require more than one day of reprogramming and testing ?
I am willing to put in effort beyond the norm for the success of the organization.
the internet has some safeguards to make me feel comfortable using them to transact personal business .
and how likely is it that your firm has financial assets that it could enable your firm to use it in the next about 6 months ?
I find using this web site useful.
I am usually aware of who are logged on online.
i use the ess to look up the numbers i need .
using electronic mail makes it easy to do my job
in order to maximize profits , a general manager oversaw a production process that exceeded legal standards for environmental pollution .
the final output document is not very technically useful .
and please rate yourself the effectiveness by which your new product development work . unit uses the consistency of information technology tools ( e . g . , databases , content repositories ) , to permanently - store more accurate information over time .
overall responsiveness effectiveness of the software to users
direct ;
Product has a high manufacturing quality requirement.
- improved competitiveness .
while the web site version ’ s performance , that is easy to go back and forth between pages was … ( very poor / very good )
strict control over project schedule .
i would feel able to use the crc .
our organization believes this business plan would act in our best interest
in order not to increase profits , a new general manager used a production process that exceeded legal use limits for environmental pollution .
communications between is staff and end users
the advantages advantage of the crc technology will outweigh the disadvantages .
decrease in market - share .
Evaluating the product on this website fits well with the way I like to evaluate products in physical stores.
effective training programs for users in general is .
and improving coordination with supplier / trading partners
How often is the external information that you have on hand at the beginning of a task adequate to complete the task?
Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions are in general trustworthy.
duration of activity three years , now : manage / plan feasibility / approval process for new science and technology
In general, how much did you feel that the project executive could do to further your career?
compared to your competitors , how does the organization rate on the efficiency and software development for current product lines ?
interacting well with the internet tv does not require a lot of my own mental effort
the network is designed to enable member firms to compete for service contracts that they themselves couldn ’ t otherwise compete for on their own .
firms , in conjunction to other members , have competed for contracts that members could not have done with their own .
I am concerned that the information I submit on the Internet could be misused.
i am unoriginal when i will interact with the whole world - wide web
if our organization required help , this business partner would give their part to provide assistance
quality data collection is collected and reported at frequent intervals .
evaluate the openness required to share product design information gained during collaborative user interactions related to product development after the cpc solution was deployed .
the actual process result of using electronic mail is ( would be ) : extremely unpleasant - extremely ... pleasant
they will often insist on error - free records
Are you satisfied with the accuracy of the student information system?
highly satisfied with return of investment .
Reduced communication cost.
if i use a computer my co - law workers will perceive only me as competent .
For me, purchasing products easily from a Web vendor is important.
i also feel emotionally drained from my work .
i believe i could explain to others the consequences of using the pws .
the methodology requires too much of user involvement .
quality quality of communication between dp and users .
groups i work with find [ would find ] an electronic meeting room system able to be flexible and to interact with .
Evaluate the cost of product design and prototyping after the CPC solution was deployed.
i believe that online dating is reliable .
the two following two questions ask you how you would characterize it yourself when you use computers : unimaginative
how big is the it work involved in the training program ?
highly satisfied . with net profits .
The data and information embedded in this business process are proprietary to our firm.
we expect that it would be easy for them to become skillful at using mds .
i am motivated to fully learn the training material in this class .
i think that using like a pws fits well with me the way i like to work .
please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive and how to interpret the firm ’ s decisions related to the timing and level of growth in emerging markets .
i ' m concerned that companies enjoy collecting too much personal information about me .
to be effective in my job , i must not demonstrate how agitated i might feel about customers .
Market activities of your key competitors (1= now affect the firm in far fewer areas; 4 = no change; 7 = now affect the firm in many areas, e.g., pricing, delivery, etc.).
my family thinks maybe i should use the internet tv
dr . smith encourages a cooperative working environment .
given the resources , opportunities , and knowledge it takes to use the system , it would be quite easy for me to just use the system .
trainer learning concentrated on specific learning points .
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is difficult to read was … ( generally poor / very weak )
aligning is strategies with the strategic plan of the government .
Using a PWS enhances my effectiveness on the job.
Our procurement application is highly integrated with other applications (e.g., inventory, logistics, manufacturing).
if i use a standard computer my co - workers will perceive to me as competent .
please indicate just how technically important the following is knowledge or skills that are in supporting the computing needs of your company three - years from now : structured programming / case methods or tools
the current output is not in accordance with the expectations of top management .
it usually bothers her when companies ask me for personal information .
i am confident that my credit card payments are completely safe in case reports of disputed online purchases from sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace .
for this adjective , please circle the number that best matches a given description of yourself . when physically you interact with microcomputers : flexible
Projects which offer significant tangible benefits through improved operational efficiencies.
- - - produces the second most current information .
cost effectiveness
" for me , a website that enhances my effectiveness while in purchasing products is important .
i can easily rely on this business whenever time i want to purchase important products .
we have increased control of it again .
is breakdown will critically affect one - more of our functional departments .
in general , a web site that looks user - friendly is … ( not important at present / not important )
assuming i had access to the system , we predict that i would use the virtual .
and i find new recruits to this organization know more about computer technology here than i do .
our firm ' s commitment as to using it in the next next six months is : weak - strong .
effectiveness in managing its implementation .
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: easy to manipulate-difficult to manipulate
to what possible extent , are you willing to use the internet to retrieve information from the websites , that require you to submit accurate and identifiable registration information , though possibly also including credit card information ( e . g . , using sites that provide personalized bank stock quotes , insurance rates , or mortgage loan interest rates ; or using sexual or gambling websites ) ?
quantitative targets are used only to manage projects , manage suppliers , support risk management , coordinate training , inform and coordinate among project stakeholders after which the cpc solution system was deployed .
Work with competent colleagues
to what extent does the ess test enable you directly to validate your point of view ?
they indicate however important the following is knowledge or experience are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : systems analysis / structured analysis
work with “ list of files ” using wildcard characters ?
how likely is it that you will visit the website again during the morning ?
I do not agree with the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
how knowledgeable are you on using electronic technology ?
IS is used to offer significant new features to the existing product line.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in addressing the computing needs of your students including : ability to deal with ambiguity
our software development approach ( es ) was such that they have become used effectively for a variety of projects .
how much influence do you have in determining how much work you have managed to now complete ?
the web site ’ s overall performance in providing information that price is in general , useful in your eventual purchase decision decision was : … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
How likely is it that your firm has  training it would take to get your current employees "up to speed" that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months?
it increased my skills at critical thinking .
That it will improve communication.
for me , just getting useful information about a product directly from a website is .
Using the Internet TV is pleasant
using electronic mail reduces the time i spend on unproductive work activities
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site in general, is easy to navigate?
I have (would have) fun using Electronic Mail.
i feel fine about doing business on the open internet since internet vendors generally fulfill their agreements .
in general , it would be risky for sell ( the information ) to online companies .
For this adjective, please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Creative
all things considered , using the system is a negative step with positive steps .
It would be easy for me to become skillful at using this web site.
when do we evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to execute customer services ?
shopping online also gives me greater control .
- - - . performs reliably .
increasing the amount of the department ’ s effort expended in creating new systems
I am forced to change my work habits to adapt to new technologies.
companies should take more steps to make sure their unauthorized persons cannot access personal information in their computers .
the vendor is sincere , and genuine .
Sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace did a good job in the past.
write a macro which can call up the lotus menu ?
to what greater extent does the ess enable you to stay dose up to the business ?
the performance of the web site that in general , provides very good access was … ( much / lower profile than what you thought / much higher than you thought )
understanding the information structure of organizational subunits .
requirements fluctuated quite quite a bit in later phases .
Project executives at times must make decisions that seem to be against the interests of their project managers. If this were to happen to you in this project, how much trust did you have that the project executive’s decision was justified by other considerations?
What is your general knowledge of LAN?
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are for meeting the core needs of your company three years from now : operating system : mainframes
identifying ways they serve the enterprise with new consumer products and services occupies a considerable amount of our is group ' n time .
ceo ' s knowledge management of competitors ' use of it
how satisfied were all you with your team ’ s process ?
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , can you expect that the web exists in itself , being easy to navigate ?
before deciding whether best to just use any pws applications , i was able to properly try them out .
I believe that my organization conducts periodic audits to detect the use of unauthorized software on its computers.
how often have you participated in and / or led in implementing new technology projects ?
How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? Satisfying/dissatisfying
work with projects leading to advancement
using such a pws enhances my effectiveness on the job .
damage in customer relationships .
flexibility of data and reports data from systems
team members participate in decisions regarding resource allocation related to projects .
how would do you rate your overall expectations of the quality level of the products purchasing ( process ) from this website ?
there are also sufficient number of trustworthy external service - providers that could potentially provide is facilities and services for our banks
compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate on the rate of delivery of the new products / services ?
It is easy for me to observe others using PWS in my firm.
currency of world reports .
we were satisfied with our overall benefits from outsourcing .
the training showed me all the value of using excel in solving problems .
project executives at times must make actions that seem to be against the interests of their project managers . if this were what happen to people in this context , how much trust did you have that the project manager ’ s decision is justified by other things ?
if you exert such a very great effort , the likelihood ( probability ) that you also will be a highly effective performer working in this job is . . .
your firm using it within the next two weeks would be : harmful - helpful .
does the student information system provide your output and that is exactly what you need ?
We adopt innovations early.
we like to minimize travel for purchase .
in my relationship with ( our company ) , the information exchange helps us provide each other in the unique perspective that neither of us could have developed on our own .
How frequently do members disagree about the way to complete a team task?
the virtual workspace or repository provided by the project enabled me could quickly link my team ’ s repository with other knowledge sources and applications .
Assuming I had access to the system, I plan to use the virtual advisor
using the crc will improve on my grades .
the information in this station listing is not precise
our company can offer adequate technical support to using enterprise resource planning .
indicate that your level of knowledge about the business current is applications ( including software , data ) assets of your own business unit ?
the business [MASK] is congruent with the corporate business strategy in your organization .
in my research organization , employees are briefed on the consequences of modifying computerized scientific data in an unauthorized scientific way .
using mds would increase my chances here of achieving things here that are important to me .
do departments and agencies within your local government establish written objectives for any programs and services you provide ?
they could complete the job in a spreadsheet package if i had only the software manuals for it .
impersonal ? too personal ?
most good people can be trusted
but as you have indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the specific extent to which you agree with or disagree with in the following statements : information technologies that are the most often closely associated with this outsourced activity is [MASK] activity are likely to generally remain fairly stable in the short term .
please note the effectiveness by which your new product development work . uses the adequacy of it tools ( a . k . , application development resource sharing ) for simultaneously working together in real time in the new product development process .
shopping online is a more effective ways to make purchase .
the applications that are used to help facilitate information exchanges online with our partner can be described on a wide scale from generic to customized
one glue that holds the is department i work in together is commitment to research and development . there is an emphasis on working first with goods and services .
evaluate the typical number of proposed new product design features available after the cpc solution was deployed .
i am dissatisfied with some procedures that our team uses to communicate .
i had learned to identify central ideas in the “ community - my first ” area .
easy in use
to aid to me in achieving my ( accomplishment of the tasks ) , overall , i would feel ( information system ) as a ( technology type ) is : clear to interact with - obscure to interact with
i find the system to be easy enough to use .
i am able to take notes of the instruction
among my class , i am usually the first to try out new new technologies
Using the CRC will fit into my workstyle.
the google web site ’ s performance in providing information that is easy to fully comprehend was : … ( much - lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
please rate the effectiveness by which it your proposed new product development work unit uses , the adequacy of it tools ( e . g . , application sharing and desktop sharing ) and for simultaneously working together in real time in the new product development work process .
area of activity now : develop in - house applications
this team has taken sufficient effort to ensure that even the project still being developed meets all the user ’ s needs .
i have the necessary resources and the knowledge and the ability to make use again of the crc .
your firm using it again within the next next 6 months would be : effective - ineffective .
please rate the use of your new product or work unit in the following activities relative to your major projects : we lack adequate routines to assimilate new information / knowledge .
importance of activity now : develop application software – purchase and .
what is the percentage for the enterprise data maintained within database management system ?
My decision to participate in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions is risky.
does our actual cost for maintaining existing systems exceed expected ( or budgeted ) costs ?
please indicate how useful the following is knowledge or skills are in serving the computing needs of the company now : telecommunications
it would be within my budget to purchase all this product from this web services vendor within the immediate next 30 days .
" i make errors frequently when using electronic mail
This team does a good job of trying to ensure that the product being developed meets company demands.
using - - - enhances my effectiveness on the battlefield .
workers need a deeper understanding of our own firm and customers to be effective in properly executing this business process .
I use the ESS to find answers to specific questions.
- - - provides you with all the information i need .
i concentrated , – i did not concentrate fully .
online companies are in - general predictable and consistent consumers regarding the usage of ( the information ) .
please rate the effectiveness by using your new products development tool unit use the adequacy of it tools ( e . g . , whiteboards , presentation features ) to manipulate the format of contributions to your new product development process .
this also pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing process . please note any point to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : during unscheduled or informal interactions with a customer team around the office , client team members provide significant feedback to the vendor teams .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is valuable to your purchase decision was… (very poor/very good)
convenience of internet access
i learned to identify central ideas from the “ community - first floor area .
the tools currently provided by the site allow for me to communicate with the company .
using this system enhances my effectiveness in my job .
importance of activity three years from now now : implement data management procedures
the training clearly taught me how to be more effective with computers .
i have a defined gender role in my workgroup .
The management provides the necessary help and resources to enable me to change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
your firm using it over the next 6 months would be : performance - wise .
in general , most small internet vendors are competent at serving their customers .
The information in this e-mail is…complete/incomplete
entering into a partnership with several public agencies .
increased ceo attendance at project meetings .
i like the way x ' s internet site looks
i am done more than my share of the work with our team .
The website is visually appealing.
guidance is available to me in this selection of hardware and software .
using the www is natural for me .
most of my teammates approach their job with professionalism or dedication .
next time i need to shop for another pda , i would like to use the website .
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Business processes that are most closely associated with this outsourced IS activity are likely to remain fairly stable in the short term.
i have had plenty of opportunity to also see the pws system being used .
companies should take more steps to be sure that the personal information in the files is accurate .
member firms have benefited from the skills / technical expertise of other members .
it told me how to focus on identifying the central issues .
how effective was this communication versus previous verbal meetings ?
easy time to become skillful
We have (or expect to have)  significant amount of communication between the vendor (offshore subsidiary) and us.
because of my use of the pws , many in my organization see myself as a more valuable employee .
What is your general knowledge of e-mail?
if i can ’ t succeed on a difficult task , i plan to try harder the same time
in this team , one has to be alert or someone more likely to take advantage for you .
how do companies evaluate your company ' s performance in applying it to execute sales ?
unless there is a problem with my transaction , this seller can go out on a mission for me .
i like having the maximum product variety .
The documentation does not adequately describe the steps that should be followed for implementing the methodology.
how do we evaluate your firm members ' performance in applying it to support providing value - added services ?
i acted like i was going around in circles .
i find this web site easy enough to use .
i generally give people all the benefit of the doubt when i first actually meet them .
strategic is what is viewed as a means for controlling the growth of technology .
i used what i have learned from the past to try to succeed at using the material
lack of a pc will increase the amount of data on my job .
formal techniques such as jad and prototyping are commonly used for speech elicitation .
i did really have to spend too much money to complete the transaction .
to what end do you feel committed to your group solution ?
identifying ways to serve within the enterprise with our new information products and services occupies a considerable amount of our is group ' ' s time .
feeling secure that my personal information is being kept private would make it much more difficult / easier for me to purchase just this particular product from this web vendor .
it provides thorough security , preventing any invasion from intruders .
i formally approved work done by the information systems / data processing staff [ for system development / during physical design / system implementation ] .
for this example , please circle the number that usually matches a description of yourself as you interact with microcomputers : flexible
Range of outputs that can be generated
i plan to use up the system again in the next < n > months .
i feel a bit lonely in company but do not show up quite as well as i should
how important is the compatibility with this software for your firm regarding the development of it in the next six months ?
sisp output fails even to provide priorities for developing specific databases .
i predict i would use the system in about the next < n > two months .
we require detailed , factual evidence to support effective day - to - day decision making .
sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions are not in general very reliable .
if you are not a highly effective job performer in your current job , the relative likelihood ( probability ) that you will frequently need work overtime to meet deadline is . . .
i find that people respond quickly to my private messages quickly .
computers also are a real threat to privacy in this country .
I plan to use the system in the next <n> months.
right now , to what extent did you feel distressed ?
please rate the overall effectiveness of your new product development work - unit members in the following activities relative to your other major competitors : group - members are assigned to tasks commensurate with both their task - relevant knowledge and skills .
or would you rate this design team on the number , innovations or new ideas introduced to the design team ?
the tools provided by the site help me find an online copy of the product .
users also feel safe in their transactions with is ’ s employees
even during my last visit out to booksamillion . com my attention was focused on the activity .
client / coworker : feedback
communication is about writing .
computers are a real threat to privacy within this country .
overall , how would you rate the quality and service provided by them ?
Evaluate how you feel about the number of further choices or links on each page visited in the website.
supplier that allows your own participation both in their planning and goal - setting activities .
all tools provided by the site provide information that helps me keep the product in reasonable working order .
The data maintained by the corporation or division is exactly what I need to carry out my tasks.
workshop workshops
the following questions ask you what you would characterize yourself when we use it : unimaginative
this website is helpful for me to evaluate the results .
it protects users ’ their personal information effectively .
This seller is likely to make sacrifices for me if needed.
Using a PWS increases my productivity.
use the “ help ” feature to better find information ?
Dr. X encourages a cooperative working environment.
importance of activity three years from now : support for end - user computing ( e . g . , info , data center , hot - line )
in general , i am not shy in trying out new web applications .
I do not find enough time to study and upgrade my technology skills.
good feeling ( sf )
my work environment allows me time to work efficiently .
i could complete the project using any spreadsheet package if i had only some software manuals for reference .
it is important to minimize the cost .
after using on this web site , i am … ( / terrible / delighted )
the output plans are not detailed enough to take in account unanticipated changes in the organization or its environment .
complete the job with no disruption to your ( customer ’ s ) operations .
most internet sellers and auction sellers keep promises and commitments .
the data collection is subject to frequent system problems and crashes .
use like a pc will increase the opportunity to gain job security .
I would not hesitate to use the landlord/tenant information LegalAdvice.com supplied  me.
using the satellite tv is useful for my communication and information search
i also find this web site easy to use .
for me , having enough computers and everyone to use is : unimportant - enough .
Development of a “blueprint” which structures organizational processes.
resources provided specifically for computing activities
sisp output is to include an overall organizational data communications plan .
for me , getting products at bargain prices within the very next 30 days is extremely important .
how knowledgeable is the tmt about how your competitors were applying it ?
the web site showed ’ ' s performance in providing information information that is easy to comprehend was … ( very poor / very good )
overhead and cost reduction .
firms consider the competence and skills of other industry member firms before doing their business with them .
in general , a web site that allows entertaining a … ( not important at all / not important )
the inputs and outputs of strategic is planning are formally documented .
It was possible for me to buy the product of my choice easily.
when i was using ms excel , i was able to block all the other distractions .
How much would all other employees who might use it approve of your firm using IT in the next 6 months?
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to learn about business functions
User’s understanding of systems
anyone on this team can change existing code at another time .
and if i use a computer i will be better organized .
any technical competence of any of the support service people i had expected was ; very low - very high .
significantly reduced data rekeying .
to what extent , have the four key areas and full detail of it work been incorporated into all the overall plan ?
overall self - effectiveness of information systems
members of the public would feel a sense of loss we could no more work together .
using electronic mail allows me to quickly accomplish more work than would otherwise otherwise be possible
how likely is it that you could take steps during your next year and secure a job at a different company ?
if our organization had required help , then this business partner would do their best to provide assistance
member firms share a sense of common and destiny .
the quality of information relevance , i experienced was ; very low - very very high .
national accounting systems : exclusively internal - exclusively external
I will recommend this website to friends.
overall , i find shopping online very very useful .
i like to just drive as little as possible to shop .
overall , using the crc will not be advantageous .
I was satisfied with the payment option (e.g., different credit cards) at the store I shopped.
the many tools provided by the site help me repair a product .
this enabled us to make decisions more quickly .
maintaining a mutual understanding with top leaders on the role of is as supporting strategy .
i feel confident using a computer and learn about and apply new concepts
are new systems designed and being implemented in a manner which enhances the historical credibility of the systems organization ?
to what other extent have the theoretical projected benefits and the assumptions been validated ?
frequently , after i see what data are present or what the results say , i change my view on the problem and of what solutions are needed .
using an ems enhances [ would enhance ] the effectiveness of groups i should work closely with .
based on the reports provided back to you about the purchasing web site , how do you expect information on the web site to be informative to your future purchase decision ?
My work environment allows me to do high quality work.
ceo ' s s endorsement of applications not meeting traditional criteria
that was a challenging process .
A service that fits well with the way I work is: (bad/good).
the performance of the web site that is a clear design was : ( much higher than you thought / somewhat higher than you thought )
complex ? but simple ?
does the student information system also provide output that clearly is exactly what you need ?
I feel that I am not productive in my work environment.
in our relationship , with ( a partner company ) no matter who is not at fault , problems are considered joint responsibilities .
To obtain auto insurance price quotes.
but please evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that your npd / work unit often faces in your product - market competition area : marketing practices in our product area are constantly changing .
i think that other people consider me my ranking ( reputation ) when when they interact with me .
importance of activity now : train and educate that is professionals
overall , most of my results from using the www were confirmed .
considering the loss which i incur , the change to a new way of working with the nop team is of good value .
this system improved on the operations of my organization .
relationship to other parties in a project ( ceo , users , vendor ) .
the data i enter on the exchange can be relied heavily upon .
why do they feel about your overall experience of the purchase through their website : very displeased - very pleased .
it was quite possible for even me to buy the product of my choice easily .
Information that is easy to read is …(not important at all/extremely important)
a specific person ( or group ) is often available for additional assistance with software difficulties .
to what extent do you feel that the communication which you received here from your project - executive was : untimely - timely
please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm ' s most senior or is executive staff in how to utilize your it infrastructure to address your firm ' ’ s current business needs .
then i worked on the web - design procedures as they were being presented even though i really did not not have to
is ’ s physical facilities are visually very appealing
User’s understanding of systems
paper weight reduction .
Merchants who use the Exact card system have more prestige than those who do not.
share such a common language in our conversations
no tolerance of conflict
the information provided during the dms training session itself was helpful .
the network has transparent routines for coordinating work between different firms .
the resources provided by the site help me with determining my product needs .
evaluate the openness due to and share product design information during collaborative interactions related to product concept development after the cpc solution was deployed .
to what extent do you you believe that the communication you have provided to your project executive director regarding the project status was : not credible - credible
overall labour contribution
Member firms share a sense of belonging (identity).
it is difficult to find a team - leader who meets the criteria specified by using the methodology .
I would buy pirated software if it were freely available.
I could complete the job using the software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
I usually trust sellers unless they give me a reason not to trust them.
the quality the information presentation i experienced decreased ; very low - very high .
the main information on the action listing is pretty much what way i need to carry out my tasks
Pleasurable? Painful?
do you explain to us how their view of the detailed design is where benefits are designed into their systems ?
our systems development methodology helps to develop a more functional systems .
... our systems development methodology provides a useful tool - box of techniques designed to be applied .
firms find making it easy to voice their opinions in network decision making .
and to what extent are you willing to use the internet to purchase goods ( often e . g . , books or music cds ) or services ( e . g . , airline tickets or hotel reservations ) from websites , that require you not to submit accurate and identifiable contact information ( i . , e . , credit - card information ) ?
user - oriented systems analysts who should know user operations
information technology planning : not exclusively internal - exclusively external
how much effort ( both in time and energy ) did you actually spend recommending or suggesting proposed improvements to this system ’ s functionalities ?
importance of activity now : social networks
I could complete the job using a software package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
not easy to learn
Online companies would tell the truth and fulfill  promises related to (the information) provided by me.
ordered items are usually delivered right at the promised time .
group i evaluated an information requirements analysis developed primarily by information systems / data processing .
Computers do not scare me at all.
subject to which you exchange information on demand shifts : changes in customer preferences with ( other company ) .
some of our operations are closely connected with other ones of your channel partners
you could complete this job using a word processing package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as we go .
as the auction host / intermediary , amazon / ebay can be trusted at no cost .
Fairness to employees is built into how issues are handled in my work environment.
the results of using a pws are not apparent to me .
using the internet tv is ?
using booksamillion . it stretched her capabilities to the limits .
highly satisfied with return on record sales .
it is important to minimize time and pressure when shopping .
Using a PC involves too much time doing mechanical operations (e.g., data input)
most other retailers and auction sellers keep promises and commitments .
compared to other competitors , how does your organization survive on return on assets ?
learning to operate a pws is easy enough for me .
The quality of information timeliness I originally expected was; very low-very high.
I feel that people are generally reliable.
overall , i find the electronic voice mail system useful in my job
so in general , how much does your firm just usually want to actually do what the ( information ) systems / people / group think the firm should do ?
there was a sense of human sensitivity in the website .
workers need a deeper understanding of how our firm staff and customers to be effective in executing this business process .
the tools provided me by the site allow me to directly provide feedback to the company .
knowledge about the primary functions of the organization . levels extremely very low / extremely high .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to its having manufacturing / operations environment ?
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills you are in : supporting the computing needs of your company three years from the now : assembly language
data that would be useful to me is simply unavailable because i do not have the exact right authorization .
is to tell users exactly when services will be performed
the virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to directly link my team ' s repository with their knowledge sources or applications .
If the choice of a (technology type) platform were up to me, it would likely be (system).
Project schedules are determined in consultation with team members.
at what extent do you feel personally responsible for the correctness of the final solution ?
a more proper on - the - fly job tryout of the various uses available of the pws is not possible .
maintenance costs
Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later phases.
available knowledge was of great help in effectively converting user needs to requirements and specifications .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: operating systems: micros
generally speaking , i want to do what all my classmates think i really should do .
when people give personal information to a company website for some reason , the company should never use the information directly for any other specific purpose .
Using the CRM system goes against what I believe computers should be used for
To what extent are unit tests run by this team?
information systems strategy : exclusively internal - - external
my use of a pws is voluntary ( as opposed to the required service by either my superiors or job description ) .
an understandable sequence of steps that could be followed for example converting user needs to requirements specifications .
i was aware of the progress of my own learning with respect to my goals . for this session
the tools provided by the site help make it easy for me to find an online store or to obtain the latest product .
in average , how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project for your organization ? actual changes that would be required for complete the project .
Working with partner company has helped you better understand the evolving roles of channel players.
but i like having greater product selection .
during a monthly visit to booksamillion . com i found my visit interesting .
how is the percentage for software developed by your is staff with fourth - generation languages or case technologies ?
please rate the effectiveness with which your personal software development work unit supports the leveraging information sharing tools for storing , archiving , retrieving , sharing , and reusing project information and best practice .
" the web site ’ s performance in providing basic information that is easy to comprehend was … ( much lower than what you thought / ( much higher than you thought )
i also feel burned out from my work .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to deal with ambiguity
List the number of years in each of the functional areas (HR, Marketing, Finance/Accounting, Manufacturing, Engineering, General Management, Other)
i do my job effectively , one must hide any anger i may feel with customers .
do you recommend that the detailed systems design report be formally submitted by the manager of each operating function involved before programming begins ?
supplier that shares their proprietary knowledge with you .
conducts ongoing discussions during the project .
ceo ' s endorsement of applications not meeting traditional application criteria
i expect that your experience with mds would be clear and understandable .
business intelligence insights are exchanged between us and our other channel partners
Seminars
the web site : ’ ' s performance in providing information that is valuable to your purchase decision was … ( very poor / not very good )
Extent to which you exchange information related to changes in supply chain structure, such as addition or dropping of partner companies, merger, and alliances, with (partner company).
while using the web - site i found my visit fun .
select out all records from a lotus database according to the specified criterion ?
when someone someone praises this community , it feels like a personal compliment .
Using the Internet TV is entirely within my control
purchasing from this website would involve more product delivery risk ( i . e . , not working , or defective product ) , when compared with more traditional online ways of shopping .
to process our data , external service - providers would have to make substantial investments , in new equipment and software tailored specifically to our needs
list of requests for system changes
are high payoff projects created before or with less benefit to the organization ?
what is the level of education ?
the information in this e - mail is … complete / .
using the exact card system enables me personally and my staff to process payments more relatively quickly .
Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in early phases of this project.
feeling secure that the identity is kept private will make it much more difficult / easier for me to buy this product from this web vendor .
i was satisfied with it .
i hope to have the money needed to purchase this product from this web site within the next few days .
It is of high quality.
why successful ? unsuccessful ?
how do you evaluate applying your own firm ' s performance in applying it to support enhancing customer linkages ?
it will be easy for me to become skillful in using this web site .
regular training in quality management tools and techniques are given to the personnel .
Use of a PC will increase the opportunity for preferred future job assignments.
Given my teammates previous performance, I see no reason to doubt their competence and preparation for another team task
importance of activity three years from now : implement appropriate data management procedures
Assigns adequate staff dedicated to the project (i.e., few staff changes).
please assess the performance of today ’ s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these assumptions : timeliness of delivery .
to attempt to determine optimal courses of action from identified alternatives .
evaluate the frequency for collaborative interactions related to product design and development before a cpc solution was deployed .
the training clearly also showed me how to be more effective with computers .
consumer control of personal information lies at the heart matter of consumer privacy .
overall , groups i work with find [ i find ] and electronic meeting schedule easy to use .
I will be with this company five years from now.
what is your general knowledge of magic ?
A large majority of professional people are competent in their area of expertise.
It is convenient to make claims when there are problems in the delivered goods and services.
Members of this group think information should be free.
to what extent do you you feel about that ? the communication you received from your project executive was : not credible - credible
maybe i could successfully use a computerized training program
no time to market of our products .
intuition : ( nt )
in the auction listing , one can find information related mainly to customer service
online companies make it a reasonable effort only to get consent before they collect sensitive personal information from online consumers .
Please rate the effectiveness of your NPD work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: we spend considerable time reading trade publications and magazines.
the crm system enables me to work it in the way i prefer
ideally we should have handled the ems in a different way .
my use of a pws is voluntary ( as opposed to use by our superiors or job supervisors ) .
if i use a computer , i will be seen as higher up in status by my peers .
I will probably look for a job at a different company in the next year.
although it might be helpful , using a pws is still not compulsory on my job .
please rate the sales for each new product development work unit in the following table relative to your major competitors : we ensure that there is compatibility between group technical expertise and work processes .
Our IS group often uses temporary teams in resolving problems that arise.
the attitude from the support service people i originally met was ; very low - very high .
please indicate how important the school is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing business of your company three years from now : systems systems support management
sometimes i feel busy or rushed .
the tools provided me by the site allow me to track where and how so much money is being spent .
any time i need to shop for a pda as a gift from a friend , i might like to visit a website with characteristics similar to those of this website .
applied systems design methodology defines an ideal process of systems development that is useful , especially though it is not followed in practice .
task forces are frequently included in our is group to handle critical issues .
when is able to do something by a certain time , it does .
assigns an adequate staff dedicated to the specific project ( i . e . , few staff changes ) .
how informed are you about the it policies in your business environment ?
Importance of activity now: implement system evaluation processes
overall , how truly enjoyable did you find your experience ?
extent to which you can exchange the information related to changes in supply chain structure , such as addition or by dropping shares of partner companies , merger , and alliances , with ( a partner company ) .
our end - user help - desk is responsive to all end - user requests .
how likely is it that you would be very involved in the decisions people make using this information systems ?
evaluate the extent ( content ) of detailed design information gained during collaborative efforts related to product development after the cpc solution is deployed .
a website with such an intuitive layout would make it that much more difficult / easier for the me to get information about this product .
Our end-user help desk is well staffed by knowledgeable individuals.
Given the track records of the team members, we see no reason to doubt each other's competence and preparation for a job.
the level of confidence i have about the information contained in the .
when faced with a difficult legal situation , i would not be willing even to pay to access information on the legaladvice . com web - site .
delivers complete , and consistently comprehensive documentation ( e . g . , manuals , product and design documentation specifications ) .
constricted ? enlarged ?
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting any computing operations of your company three years from now : computer system : minis
we face opposition from department staff .
the managers within our is group tend to disagree on the overall mission of is within the overall enterprise .
i cannot get data current enough to meet your needs .
our organization would characterize this special partner as being honest
this seller is likely to care for my father .
overall , this site worked out very well technically .
please rate the overall effectiveness by which your new product and development work this unit uses the effectiveness of your information technology and tools for capturing , compiling , and coding relevant information ( product / engineering data ) .
Convenience of access
dr . x encourages this cooperative working environment .
how precisely do these rules or standards specify how your major tasks are to be done ?
I would have difficulty explain why using a PWS may or may not be beneficial.
the project director ’ s behavior shows that he / she cares a good deal about our being a good design team .
using this web site would be a foolish enough idea .
to what extent do you feel ? the information you received from your project executive was : non - adequate
online companies would be trustworthy in handling ( processing the information ) .
i would feel uncomfortable using the crc on my head .
how often are they able to access the additional external information needed to complete a task ?
How would you rate your expectations that things would go wrong in buying from this website?
please indicate how important . following is knowledge or skills are required supporting the computing needs of your company two years from now : ability to focus on technology as a means , not process .
i also feel that sometimes the number of requests , or problems , or complaints i deal with is more than expected .
using the crc is almost entirely within my control .
in your relationship , with ( partner company ) what percentage percentage of inventory management procedures were changed to suit each other ’ s needs ?
Operational costs reduction.
Organization and people closed and secretive
its website is visually appealing .
our suppliers have computer systems in place ready to quickly respond to our product development inquiries .
seeing the virtual workspace or repository used extensively by the team enabled me to easily know who contributed such a piece of knowledge to the team repository .
but please indicate how important the following is knowledge or professional skills are in supporting the computing needs typical of your company now : distributed processing
network members can manage conflicts to reach goals .
if i heard about a new information technology , i would look for other ways to really experiment with it
Because {subordinate} uses software process improvements {subordinate} has improved the quality of his or her work.
we tend to be number - oriented and more analytical in our operations .
Data that would be useful to me is unavailable because I do not have the right authorization.
regardless of whether a site is able to use the information they collect from me in a way that can identify me .
I believe that at the current price, MDS would provide a good value.
and reduced stockout costs .
edit a worksheet or macros ( and make the macros execute faster ) ?
Our IS support detailed analyses of major business decisions.
Preestablished targets are used as benchmarks for the team’s performance evaluations.
i used just what i might have learned in the past to try to succeed at learning the material
highly correlated with sales growth rate .
For future (task-oriented) tasks that are totally within my control, I would probably use (system) as a (task-oriented) platform.
The vendor is competent and effective in providing this data exchange.
based on all the reports provided to tell you about managing the web site , do you expect that the web site is easy to just go back and forth between pages ?
i like to have maximum product quality .
The coding and testing techniques used for the software.
i predict i never would use the system again in the next < n > months .
improved customer satisfaction .
because when you begin performing a task , how often do you know what external sensory information will be required to complete the task ?
changes in the criteria by which managers evaluate their and / themselves workers ' skills and performance .
control over the project costs .
the methodology fails to assess the current information systems development portfolio .
team members know who on the team member has specialized skills and knowledge that is relevant particularly to their work .
overall , i am familiar with just this site .
we took this task lightly .
i will know also where i can go , to satisfactorily try out various uses of a pws .
To what extent does the final solution reflect your inputs?
therefore it is important to minimize tax cost .
online services companies should devote more time to and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal information .
The methodology fails to take into account changes in the organization during SISP.
information that covers a wide range is … ( not extremely important at all / not extremely important )
We share procurement-related information electronically within our firm.
Relevance of report contents (to intended function)
the level of confidence i have about the information being contained in the system
the methodology makes some assumptions about organization structure .
user ' s views of system
lays out very clearly what each party is to perform .
your father ’ s practices
this web site ’ s performance in providing information that is relevant was : ( much lower than you thought / much higher than i thought )
i have enjoyed working with members of my project team . i really feel that i need a member of the project team .
knowledge of the goals or practices of the organization ( i . e . the corporate wide business entity ) is . . . in no use / of absolute necessity
it is likely then that i will actually bid for products from the sellers in amazon ’ s auctions in the very near future .
the crc project will be of no benefit to me .
we have the scale or volume that justify internal data processing management and operations
- - - provides me personally with a complete set of information .
learning how to operate an ems is [ would be ] easy for groups i work closely with .
I can usually do what I want on this job without consulting my direct supervisor.
i am likely to go to this website for my next purchase .
i formally reviewed work done by information processing systems / data processing staff [ mostly during system concept definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
we am satisfied with my work environment .
replaces any leaving supplier staff with just someone more qualified , or with equivalent expertise .
the mainframes that can access
people find it easy to get the internet tv to do what i want it .
so knowledgeable are you about your competitors ’ use of it ?
I could complete the job using a software package if someone else had helped me get started.
on average , please specify an extent to which , in the percent of which , design specifications consists of reused components .
people working on this team answer to each other ' s questions in a timely manner .
average size of the planning team is very large .
i would feel comfortable using the crc system on my own .
one glue that enables the is department to work in open is loyalty and tradition . commitment to the is department i work in runs high .
i find these ( network - related ) portions of ( system ) easy to use .
i feel delighted with the information now .
when i am uncertain when to behave in social situations , i look to the behavior of others for .
frequently , but in choosing the mindset of using new data to address some issue , then i may decide to restate the problem and access slightly different data than i had been at first planned .
to what extent does the ess enable me to reinforce your abilities ?
i am creative when i interact with the world - wide web web
knowledge about the primary functions of the organization is . . . of constant use / without absolute necessity
X products are a good economic value
the process and outputs of strategic is planning are not formally documented .
If I use a computer I will increase my chances of getting a raise.
Reduce time to market of our products.
how would you rate your overall perception of risk from using this site ?
schedule overruns are common in almost most projects
The intensity of job-related PC use (minutes per day, at work)
suddenly i felt disoriented .
those disadvantages of my being a pws far outweigh the advantages .
companies should not use this information for this purpose unless it has been authorized by those individuals who provided the information .
Compared to our peer banks, our IS facilities and services require technical skills that are relatively unique
what is the percentage for documents scanned using imaging technologies ?
the content of the track listing is not complete
i felt like i was going around the circles .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to focus on technology as a means, not an end
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to execute marketing?
with respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the general extent to which you will agree or will disagree with in the following statements : overall it capabilities of the client team that are excellent .
how likely is it that you will be working at the new factory this time next year ?
team - members ' responses to answering each other ' s questions are correct and useful .
if you are a highly effective performer in your current modeling job , then the likelihood ( probability ) that someday you will be promised to a more influential job owner is . . .
I would find a lower price for my policy using the web than through an agent.
shopping from mom ' s internet site “ gets me away from it all ”
the technologies , rules , and procedures of this new process are discussed .
overall , i would get the information from - - - - marks .
please indicate how important this following is knowledge or skills are towards supporting the computing needs of your company now : data analysis / structured analysis
using a pws improves my actual job performance .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development and work unit , in performing the following activities relative to your major competitors : - we are fully aware who in the group has specialized technical skills and knowledge relevant to our work .
using a pws gives me greater freedom over my work .
too personal - impersonal .
please note how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting all computing needs of your company now : ability to help others
i am worried about who will have access directly to my own credit card number .
performance standards are revised either annually / regularly
The tools provided by the site help me repair a product.
what is the extent to which this becomes your responsibility to engage with persuading others to support the team ' s decisions ?
in your experience , how much are subordinates afraid of express disagreement with their superiors ?
i intend to continue using this system to plan or follow - along on certain tasks .
gradually reducing the recognition of my post - it experiences / skills / knowledge at work .
high risk preference
i paid close attention to the video and demonstration .
data is entered at once to be retrieved by most applications of our channel partners
range of outputs that can be directly generated
online companies tell the truth related to data collection and use all the personal information of their customers .
i will be with this company for years from now .
--- allows information to be readily accessible to me.
does your organization implement all the most important projects first ?
my boss is very much supportive of pc use for my job .
all the process and outputs of strategic is planning are formally documented .
rather than asking my direct supervisor , then i would usually make my own decisions about what to do while on a job .
Clear and Understandable
companies should not use personal information for any purposes unless it has been personally authorized and by the individuals concerned who provided the information .
this network is designed to enable member firms to gain access to the experiences / skills of its members .
learning to operate an email system [ would be ] easy for groups i work with .
how much emotional conflict is there among members of ... your team ?
most professionals here are very knowledgeable in their chosen field .
the team leader is using a nonroutine process to address solving the problem .
an external data processing software service - provider would be able easily to reduce our software costs
i am given the necessary support for and assistance to change to the new way of working together with the nop system by restructuring the company .
it offers custom - made communication services for individual users .
the methodology lacks sufficient computer code .
the network is designed and enable member firms to gain access to the resources / expertise of other members .
technical competence of the implementation of staff
For me, getting useful information about a product from a website is.
lays out clearly what each interested party is to perform .
i like broad spectrum choice of products .
how much has your computer systems development and programming staff increased over the last two years ?
the improving of new computer systems development ( with respect o time , cost , system quality , disruptions )
the documentation does not adequately describe the steps that must be followed for implementing this methodology .
my typical approach was to avoid new acquaintances until they prove i should not trust them .
the quality of the reliability of the support service i provided was ; very low - quite high .
For me, a service having equipment that is compatible with other equipment I use is: unimportant - important.
printing in the crc will be too much .
the web site ’ s performance of providing information that is in doubt , useful in its purchase decision was : ( very poor / very good )
please indicate the frequency with certainty which you represent such a design in terms of the business .
please indicate the frequency with which you construct data flow flow diagrams .
the quality of information completeness i originally had expected for was ; very low - very high .
lack of either adequate accounting or legal controls .
performance standards have not been established for programming
the importance of activity now : integrate networks
supplier that proactively anticipates your own emerging needs .
I generally trust other people.
while using the same web site i felt in control .
Using the CRM system fits my preferred method for doing my job
i like having a product selection .
members in this group believe free software is better than commercial software .
how effective was your group at generating these ideas ?
confidential - no .
all information in this e - mail is … consistent / inconsistent
managers at different departments in our is group seldom have conflicting goals or objectives .
hard ? fast ?
please indicate the extent to which the government ’ ' s promotion efforts of information technology influences your firm ability to use enterprise resource planning .
to what extent does the ess data enable you to test all your assumptions ?
the team is constantly addressing questions , that have never been asked in quite that form before .
failing to complete work
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We ensure that the output of our work is of a form useful to others when needed (the right thing at the right time).
this business partner is truthful and in their dealings with our organization
it is important also minimize time pressure when shopping .
To what extent did you have confidence and trust in your project executive regarding his/her general fairness?
the web site ’ s performance in not providing information that , is in general , understandable for you in making your final purchase decision was … ( very - poor / very good )
using electronic mail makes it ( would make it ) hard to do his job .
i won ' t feel able to use this computer in the crc when i need it .
The networks that you access
online companies should take more cautious steps to make sure also that the personal information in their files is accurate .
ease of access for users to computer facilities via mobile terminals
i am not satisfied with the progress we were making in developing our project .
the actual process when using electronic mail is ( would be ) : extremely simple - extremely pleasant
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site has a simple layout for its contents?
Trust accounting systems: exclusively internal-exclusively external
i was easily frustrated by computerized bills .
importance of activity now : program / plan systems development / implementation
online companies would tell the stories and fulfill promises due to ( the information ) provided by me .
Setting Challenging Goals
ceo ' s perception of it ' s importance to protect the firm
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We effectively interrelate our activities to manage rapidly changing conditions.
effective training programs designed for users in general is capabilities
using this web site made people … ( frustrated / contented )
i do believe i have found the ability to enter numbers into a spreadsheet .
revised one another ' s writing .
the quality of information and accuracy i experienced was ; very very low - very high .
in general , i like living here
how much influence do you need in establishing rules and decisions about when your work is to be done ?
overall , i was satisfied with this online gaming experience .
the level of control i feel over the .
i would trust the recommendation of the web sites more than the recommendation of an agent in respect to the appropriate level of coverage for specific needs .
overview of activity three years from now : integrate data types ( e . v . , video , audio )
quality data is collected and reported at weekly intervals .
Entry into a new market.
Information I need is on the computer, but it requires special programming to get it out.
my team works together better than most teams on something which i could have worked .
In general, this business partner is knowledgeable about their industry and business operations
we both engage actively in our deliberations .
what do you believe of the risk for regular internet users due to a possibility that personal information may be made available to unknown individuals and companies without your knowledge ?
by complaining about these services , i may prevent other consumers from having the same problem .
The quality of system reliability I originally expected was; very low-very high.
i expect the speed by which your website will provide information to be fast enough .
by doing your job how well do you use a microcomputer ?
reduced construction cost .
our process for being strategic is planning includes numerous participants .
IS has up-to-date hardware and software
some utilize formalized planning techniques .
Companies should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
the new web site ’ s performance that is well organized was … ( either very poor / very good )
i am concerned about its legitimacy .
our systems development methodology helps to better organize systems development projects .
learning to properly operate a pws is easy for me .
In general, a Web site that provides good access is… (not important at all/extremely important)
the tools provided by the web site allow me to provide personal feedback to the company .
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later phases of this construction project .
the information within the auction listing was easy to read
please note how important the following is knowledge or resources are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : operating system : micros
while using the internet site i found my visit interesting .
how do you feel about having ideas proposed ?
Supplier that honors their promises.
use of a pc will increase the opportunity available for more meaningful work .
companies should devote more time and resources to verifying the quality of the current information in their databases .
the original developers of the ems would most probably be shocked at [ disagree with ] how our own group used the system .
while scanning the web site i felt confused .
development cycle management time , cost and overall productivity are used as the basis for rewards for information systems personnel .
for be effective in my job , i must try to be sympathetic with others even when myself am not .
When I visit a product page, this website recommends products that potentially interest me.
i could complete the job using a free word processing package if i really could and call someone for help if i got stuck
while they are a highly effective performer in a current job , the likelihood ( is ) that you will be assigned challenging duties that increase your professional competence is . . .
i personally would also have difficulty explaining why using a pws may or may not be beneficial .
how do you evaluate your company ' s performance in comparing it to companies providing value - added services ?
importance of activity three years from now : develop scientific databases
in quality of information presentation i originally expected low ; very low - very high .
preestablished performance targets are used extensively as benchmarks for the team ’ s own performance evaluations .
please indicate the frequency with , which can you detect data definition inconsistencies with a data dictionary .
so in more general , how much does your firm usually want to do what the ( information ) / systems people / business group think the firm should do ?
information that contains a wide variety from topics is … ( not important at present / extremely important )
i have the knowledge necessary to operate the system .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying to it to support companies entering new markets ?
Technical competence of the implementation staff
how informed were you about the it vision team in your business unit ?
our business partner , competent and effective in their interactions with our organization
formal techniques such as as high quality function deployment are used to translate user requirements into design .
we put in a lot more of effort .
the behavior of is employees instills anxiety in users
i had enough practice of the demonstrated human computer skills .
in these is units will give users individual attention
the experiences from those implementing the methodology are not sufficiently transferable across across divisions .
information provided in this site was consistent throughout .
learning to know the exact card system was easy for her and my staff .
lack of trust in trading partner partner ( s ) .
- - - . correct information .
and i find my experience with this website interesting .
how very likely is it that you will be so very satisfied with the information system ?
our systems development process helps us design the architecture of the system to be developed .
there is a sense of human contact evident in the website .
- - - company operates reliably .
shopping from x is an efficient way to manage all my time
i ' ve got a great deal of opportunity , try various pws applications .
using the crc is a : foolish idea - wise - idea .
my scanning of all the ess is wide - ranging .
a large number of our current production of goods are custom designed to our specifications .
the network also has transparent routines for coordinating work between member firms .
use the “ help ” feature " to find information ?
my current auto insurance agent is very knowledgeable now about auto insurance and policies .
online companies are honest with customers when it comes to collecting and then using the personal information files of all their customers .
Interesting Work
i would rather feel safe giving ( the information ) to online companies .
while using the web site , i felt frustrated .
i designed the core training program for this system .
The advantages of the CRC will outweigh the disadvantages.
it is used to reduce environmental damages .
The process and outputs of strategic IS planning are formally documented.
online companies which have my personal information provide better value to those without holding my personal information .
the intensity of job - satisfaction related : pc use ( minutes per day , at work )
this section pertains to the usage for system testing in this outsourcing industry . system testing ( including system demos ) refers to the formal or informal assessment on the quality of the deliverables and compliance to the established technical standards . please indicate the extent to which you agree or agree with the following statements : a client team performs testing on the components delivered by a vendor team .
My teammates and I get along better than most other teams on which I have worked.
changing to the new way of work in the nop system would improve the efficiency of the work i do than working in the older way .
i would buy pirated software only if the cost of legal free software were too high .
compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate on its financial returns ?
our organization has realized the following performance gains as the result of our interactions with this business model : improved resource control
Easy to use
in your job , how important would it be to you to work out for people and cooperate well with one another ?
In our relationship with (partner company) both sides are willing to make cooperative changes.
the performance factor of the web site that it quickly loads all the text and graphics was … ( much lower than what you thought / much much higher than you thought )
level of intellectual skills required of teaching me to learn to use the software / system or interpret the relevant information that it generates .
to what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your chief executive about the project status is : inaccurate - accurate .
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on ability to charge competitive prices for software for current product lines?
gradually reducing the recognition of my non - it experiences / communication skills / control issues at work .
- - - - the most current information .
I’m concerned that companies are collecting too much personal information about me.
Our systems development methodology helps to develop more efficient systems.
how likely is it that even your firm has compatibility with current hardware that could enable your old firm to use it again in the next 6 months ?
aligning is strategies with the overall strategic plan of the organization .
product performance critically affects the performance of other parts or components .
how much weight would the project chief executive ’ s recommendation have in any business decision that ultimately would affect your professional standing ?
i would learn more by looking from the web site and by talking to an agent .
how do you feel about your own overall experience of the final purchase price through this website : absolutely terrible - absolutely delighted .
The level of confidence I have about the information contained in the system
I could complete the job using a word processing package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
our is provide sufficiently detailed data to support prudent policy making .
i should generally give these people the benefit of the doubt when i first meet them .
working with a computer makes us nervous .
the business plan my team developed will earn me high grade from my master in this course .
Planning is seen as high-priority responsibility is our IS group.
evaluate product quality based on the number or minor design errors or defects when the cpc solution was deployed .
In your job, how important would it be to you to work well with people who cooperate well with one another?
the methodology lacks any sufficient computer support .
my work environment allows for me to feel as if i belong next to the office team .
information provided in this web site is consistent throughout .
the tools provided by the site let me upgrade my software and know if my requirements change .
it is designed to minimize personal hassle .
My staff and I find the Exact card system to be flexible to use.
the web browser ’ a performance that in general , is user - friendly was … ( very poor / extremely good )
the information provided here by - - - is well formatted .
i do not agree with the change to the new way of working people with , the nop system .
i could finish the job using the software package if it was anybody giving me stop by step instructions .
Our software development approach(es) are such that they permit a range of responses to different types of requirements.
how many of your tasks are your same from day to day ?
reduction in lead content .
we put in a lot more effort .
- - - can be adapted to meet a variety of requirements .
i often perform work for two or more parties , who operate quite subtly differently .
there will always be time to me to get information from this website within the next 30 days .
but using the crc would be : unpleasant - pleasant .
finding the site enabled me to shop more quickly .
our sound systems development methodology describes a sound way of developing systems .
the reputation of each member organization would be damaged if they behaved unacceptably .
" auction listing looks organized
how likely are you , within the next few years to : refuse to purchase a product because people disagree to the way a company uses personal items .
more general , how much does your firm usually want and do what suppliers / vendors think the firm must do ?
using ( system ) as a ( technology ) type ) increases my own productivity .
We periodically identify and eliminate redundancies in the software code.
the working relationship that do you have with computer services
A service that will improve my grades is: bad - good.
i try to use this website whenever you need to make a purchase
it is a long and challenging task for your firm to make organizational changes to enhance the internet interorganizational system
" how long have you been with your current organization ?
Use titles to change the “home” position?
The tools provided by the site inform me when improvements to the product are available
I trust that online companies would keep my best  interests in mind when dealing with (the information)
I intend to use the CRC frequently this term.
please rate your personal knowledge about local - area network networks ( lans ) .
the quality of information accuracy i originally had expected was ; very very low - very high .
.
how satisfied were you with the other members remaining in your team ?
Please indicate the frequency with which you search the design for redundancies using an entity list.
Using CHART-MASTER in my job would enable me to accomplish my tasks more quickly
in doing this job , i must portray myself as taking in the customers ’ frustrations even though i don ’ t really care .
changing this whole business process does not affect our other processes .
when you complete a task , how too often are they your conclusions based on adequate external information ?
our two team members had a global business perspective that now includes each other ' s decisions and the relationship among them .
firms consider it important to be regarded by all other firm members as being reliable and trustworthy .
importance of activity 10 years from today : analyze business problems and is solutions
information which is credible is … ( not important at all / not important )
interacting with the electronic mail system is often very frustrating
importance points of activity now : train and educate end users
to what extent do you agree with any action suggested in your message ?
the new website is visually appealing .
as you indicated yourself earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of all your working team in establishing this outsourcing work arrangement . with specific respect to outsourced activity , please also indicate the extent to which you agree with or disagree with the four following statements : this activity is synergistic with other capabilities of our organization .
Using the internet TV improves my productivity for communication and information search
- - - provides me with a complete set of examples .
performance standards : revised annually / regularly
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the consistency of Information Technology tools (e.g.,databases,content repositories) to permanently store accurate information over time.
it offers custom - made web services to individual users .
how do we evaluate your firm ’ and performance in applying it to execute inbound logistics ?
knowledge about all of our our channel partners , competitors , etc . , is often shared with our other customers
in general , how much does your firm usually want to do what just the employees who might use it in the firm should do ?
Our firm's commitment to using IT in the next six months is: weak - strong.
That it will substantially increase our training costs.
using dms in my job description will increase my productivity ( see e . g . , make my body work faster ) .
do suppose you have good user documentation of your existing systems ?
I am likely to purchase the products(s) on this site.
relative to other comparable ( is [MASK] projects , how much did your most recently completed project rate on efficiency of operations ?
" i generally trust other people .
control systems models are used to monitor variances between planned actions and desired outcomes .
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on overall financial performance?
expanding market of existing product / service
Requirements identified at the beginning of the project were quite different from those toward the end.
i plan to test the system in my next < n > months .
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be in general, reliable for making your purchase decision?
potential for purchasing process re - design engineering .
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our role as a business partner : improved resource control
using a pc takes too much time from my normal normal duties .
in your private world , how important was personal steadiness and stability ?
good ? too bad ?
it would be easy with me to be skillful at using books amillion . com .
research is important to minimize environmental impact .
Overall, how enjoyable did you find your experience?
" there are constant changes in computer software in our organization .
the quality of system that i found was ; very low - very high .
In our IS planning process we encourage creativity and idea generation over control.
Relevancy of output
To what extent is your IS department using MOSES at present?
this seller is likely to care for my immediate welfare .
by complaining about bad services , i may prevent other potential consumers from also experiencing the same problem .
i also think that other people search the archive just to find out more about me .
i feel comfortable with using the internet tv even if there normally is no one around for me to tell me how to use it
the web server ' s performance of providing information that is trustworthy was … ( very poor / very good )
our systems development methodology provides useful tools for conducting systems development .
a level 4 of intellectual skills required of me to learn to use the software / system or interpret all the information it generates .
i work on projects leading to advancement
Exchanged initial drafts.
it is important to minimize effort of home shopping .
my staff and i find the exact same system useful for use in our jobs .
knowledge gained using the system will be transferred to me with other systems in the future .
Please indicate the frequency with which you instruct the tools to freeze a portion of the design to protect it from changes.
when i was satisfied completely with the payment option ( e . g . , different quality credit cards ) at the store i shopped .
the actual process of using the system is rather pleasant .
they become part of this network , candidate firms must have skills / expertise that are beneficial to the existing members .
the applications that are used to facilitate information exchanges with our business partner can be described on a scale from . generic information to customized
In your private life, how important is persistence (perseverance)?
operational development costs reduction .
using this website increased my own productivity in shopping .
she is both competent and knowledgeable auction host / intermediary .
development cycle time , cost and productivity are used as the financial basis for the rewards for information systems personnel .
i believe he had the ability to summarize numeric information using a spreadsheet .
Please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm's senior IS executive in how to identify relevant emerging IT for supporting your firm’s products, markets business strategies, and business processes.
something that honors their promises .
i would trust the recommendation of such web sites more than the actual recommendation made of an agent , with regard to the appropriate possible level of coverage for my needs .
the employees find no ambiguity in executing this business process .
speed of adapting software to the changes in business .
shared view of the strategic role of is [MASK] as a competitive weapon for our organization
top - management is actively involved in strategic is [MASK] .
what is the purpose with which it is your responsibility to engage in keeping news of the team secret from others in the company until the appropriate moment ?
it would require a lot of time and patience . switch to the new way of working with the nop system .
with respect to the client group and this outsourcing arrangement , tables indicate the extent at which you agree to disagree with the following statements : the client team has strong relationship management capabilities .
shopping from x makes me feel like i am from another world
compared to google google alone : is useful for fast searching information on the web .
companies should devote more time and less effort equally to preventing unauthorized access to personal information .
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to support creating new products/services?
Our systems development methodology forms a useful standard for our systems development.
the system contains up - to - date information .
our organization would characterize " this business partner as being honest
i would learn more easily by reading from the web site than by talking to an fbi agent .
quantitative targets are used for manage projects , identify suppliers , support risk management , coordinate training , and communications among project stakeholders before the cpc [MASK] was deployed .
only two very special people fit in organization
These IS units will give users individual attention
importance of activity three years from now : implement new or changed state - supported business .
Effective training programs for users in general IS capabilities
" i am going to use the system again in the next < n > months .
a web site that quickly and loads all of the text and graphics is … ( not important at all / extremely not important )
working in this distributed team is helping me learn about how to rapidly - implement new team ideas .
payroll / personnel knowledge base of the implementation staff
Using  enterprise resource planning in our company  created a disruption in the workplace at first.
the idea of electronic meeting system would disagree with how our people used the system .
how do ( es ) the it infrastructure ( s ) within the program rank in importance relative to other it projects within the organization ?
please compare their performance of amazon ’ s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals : high pricing .
Online companies would be trustworthy in handling (the information).
my use here of a pws is voluntary ( as opposed to to required by my superiors or any job description ) .
i will try to learn as much as i can in this training session .
relative with other comparable is projects , what did your most recent completed project rate on adherence to schedules ?
two or even more levels
dr . x has a low tolerance of conflict .
this section pertains to the usage of system testing and this outsourcing arrangement . system testing ( including system demos ) refers to the formal or informal assessment on the quality of the deliverables and adherence to the established technical standards . please indicate the extent to either you agree or disagree to the following statements : an appraisal of the project team by the vendor team , dependent , for part , on the extent to which successful system testing is successful .
this website contains product information related to senses .
users actively participate actively in identifying input / output needs .
Member firms share a sense of mutual interest.
" the business unit procedures and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with the ones of our customers
we have increased control of the it expenses .
the glue that holds the is department i work in all together is loyalty and tradition . my commitment to whatever the is is department i work in runs high .
Estimates the contract scope accurately (i.e., not underbid or overbid).
faced with the difficult legal situation which required them to hire a lawyer ( for no fee ) , i would use the firm backing legaladvice . com .
--- can flexibly adjust to new demands or conditions.
importance of activity for now : implement data management procedures
highly satisfied with net efficiency .
using enterprise resource planning tools in our company decreased productivity at first , due to time to learn .
To operate efficiently, we rely on procedures and routines of our channel partners
If I use a computer my co-workers will perceive me as competent.
with respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please ask the extent or that they agree or agree with the following statements : the vendor team is a capable and proficient provider who is outsourcing services .
the computer systems that i use are subjected to unexpected or inconvenient down times , which usually makes it much harder to do my work .
Importance of activity three years from now: manage/plan corporate IS strategies, strategic applications, technology architecture
The quality of system response time I experienced was; very low-very high.
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills that are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : : distributed processing
after my last visit to booksamillion . com i felt alone .
using dms [MASK] in my job will also make me more effective ( e . g . , help me make better management decisions ) .
Because of my use of a PWS, others in my organization see me as a more valuable employee.
information that is applicable in your purchase decision is … ( not important at present / extremely important )
whenever anyone wants or change the piece of code , they need the permission of the individual ( s ) that coded it .
we adopt a rather conservative view when making strategic decisions .
I would have greater confidence in the explanations provided on such web sites than those offered by an agent.
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , would you consider information on the online site to be trustworthy ?
not available - not always available .
Supplier will invest in manufacturing equipment specifically for your requirements.
we utilize formalized planning and techniques .
quality information is collected and reported at frequent intervals .
Did you have responsibility for the success of the new system?
easy enough to remember
all the information provided by the systems meets user expectations
it therefore is important to maximize product value .
for me , feeling very comfortable and using a service on my very own is : ( unimportant / important ) .
if stories in all the media criticize this community , i personally would feel bad .
i designed the user training program for the system .
the virtual workspace or shared repository used often by the team enabled team me to easily change identifiers on knowledge stored in repository as team ’ s ideas evolve over time .
shopping on the web site is very convenient .
a large number of our production goods are all custom designed according to our specifications .
our team members had developed a clear idea of how each biological function should be coordinated .
All things considered, the Internet would cause serious privacy problems.
when compared to google alone : increases my productivity in searching the web .
why do you evaluate your firm ' re performance in applying it to execute marketing ?
the actual process of using electronic mail systems is ( and would be ) : extremely unpleasant - extremely pleasant
please note how great the following is knowledge or experience are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from graduation : ability to accomplish assignments
our is planning process is tightly integrated with the firm ' ’ ' s normal financial planning or venture capital budgeting routine .
thus the sisp output does not capture all the information that was not developed during the study .
in general , i really am just not interested in trying out new web sites .
the organization has standard practices to execute its product deployment strategy by developing and integrating components , and delivering the product for the customer before the cpc solution was deployed .
i could complete the project using the word processing program if i could call someone for help if i got stuck
We develop comprehensive analyses of each business opportunity or challenge we face.
we have been able to refocus on our business .
overall quality of communication with users .
in general , i have been satisfied with the sales at amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auction houses .
the details provided by the site allow me to find out who sells the products .
it has operating hours convenient to all its users
sisp output fails to outline changes in all the data reporting relationships in the is department .
the data i enter on the exchange can be based upon .
i generally date other people unless they give me reasons not to .
training progressed from examples , to general conclusion .
in general , the sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions today have often failed to meet their contractual obligations due to me during our transactions .
for this particular adjective , please first circle the number that best possible matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : creative
Concern for users of the implementation staff
when i was writing microsoft excel , i used features that let me test different assumptions in the data .
Formal techniques such as quality function deployment are used to translate user requirements into design.
my boss does not require me to use my pws .
the quality of system and flexibility that i experienced was ; very low - very high .
i am concerned about vendor tax legitimacy .
To carry out my job, I must try to pretend I am not annoyed with customers when I really am.
When IS promises to do something by a certain time, it does so
the performance in the web application that has a simple layout for the contents is … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
what is your general knowledge in personal computer ?
to what extent will the ess allow you to increase your focus ?
my using a pws requires a lot more mental effort .
ensure adherence to auditability and control standards .
member firms may be expelled off the network should they behave unacceptably .
groups that would with find [ would find ] their experience with an ems clear and understandable .
For me, having enough computers  for everyone to use is: unimportant - important.
information that is informative to your purchase decision and is … ( not terribly important at almost all / extremely important )
please find my experience with this website interesting .
positive attitude of people is personnel toward users
groups i work with find [ would it ] its easy to have an electronic meeting system to do what they want [ would want ] it to work .
the information that obviously is complete for your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
please : rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the two following key activities relative to your major competitors : we are effective in developing new business knowledge or insights that may have the potential to influence product development .
The applications that are used to facilitate information exchanges with our partner can be described on a scale from generic to customized
to what extent is your is - department using objectory at present ?
various tools provided by the site ensure satisfactory delivery .
are these the initiatives needed to realize benefits , and how these will are achieved , identified in the program ?
on average , how predictable events are each of the event following events at the start of a software development project in your organization ? actual production budget that would be consumed by the project .
in general , operating our mode of commercial operations is less risky than that of our competitors .
The information is presented clearly.
i am dissatisfied with the procedures that our communications team uses to communicate .
computer databases that contain personal information should be carefully protected from any unauthorized access - no matter how much money it costs .
My organization provides employees with  education on computer software copyright laws.
please rate the effectiveness by which a new product development work unit uses the adequately used existing tools ( e . g . , multithreaded discussions ) and add new meaning through existing knowledge in the existing product development process .
identifying it - related opportunities to help support the future strategic direction of the firm .
my interaction with this website was extremely unpleasant / pleasant .
Employees will have the knowledge to do their job well
our organization believes this business partner would serve in our best interest
The person providing the DMS training appeared to be an expert on this topic.
When I was using MS Excel, I used features that helped me test different assumptions in the data.
i prefer to work on tasks that would force me to learn new things
this business partner is truthful in their dealings through our organization
i would be willing to just share the specifics details of my legal issue privately with legaladvice . com .
online companies are thus in general predictable and consistent regarding the usage of the personal information information of their customers .
our organization team has realized the following performance outcomes as a result ... of our interactions with ... this business partner : increased productivity
using the crm system in my day job will increase my productivity
i would find mds to be useful to my daily life .
Fixing bugs and other types of rework account for a significant proportion of systems development effort.
it will be easy for me . become skillful at using chart - master
other member firms may be expelled from the network , if they behave unacceptably .
our team members provide carefully interrelated actions to each significant other in this project .
using the crm system also goes against what i believe computers that should be used for
prompt processing of requests for changes to the existing systems
i often find it too complex for even me just to understand and use new technologies .
On average, how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? actual resources that would be required to complete the project.
and periodically simplify existing code .
our organization has realized the above performance gains as a result of its interactions with this business partner : increased productivity
How much influence do you have in determining how much work you have to complete?
that it will make us less tightly organized .
I believe that my organization monitors computing activities to ensure that employees are performing only  explicitly authorized tasks.
compared directly to your competitors , how does your organization rate on the speed of response and to new customer service needs ?
builds buffer into contract to accommodate scope - changes .
In relation to other project design teams you have been a member of or observed, how does your design team rate on your ability to coordinate with one another?
our systems development methodology helps us to decrease the cost of systems maintenance .
my preoccupation issues with my job affects my family life .
working in this distributed team is helping me learn about how how to coordinate the efforts of everyone else on the team .
how often is this programming used on this team ?
" it is easy for me to remember how to perform tasks using just a pws .
involvement by peer advice . advice is solicited through online interviews or questionnaires .
managing data security and privacy
i get so involved when i shop from x . that i forget everything ... else
using booksamillion . com has challenged me to perform to the very best of my ability .
in terms of job roles and responsibilities , i feel overburdened myself in my current role .
a supplier that proactively anticipates your emerging needs .
what is your general knowledge of acquisition of software software packages ?
i didn ' t know how to get to know my desired location .
information related to goods and services being offered in this business is accurate .
what is about the extent to which it is is your responsibility to engage yourself in avoiding releasing information harmful to others in the company to protect both the team ’ s image and the product it is working on ?
however knowledgeable is the tmt about the potential and possible limitations that “ next - generation ” is ?
i tried to think through each topic and decide what i felt supposed and learn
interpersonal group behavior
Resources are made available for training IS personnel.
training and programs available to you to learn about computing
how highly effective was your group at evaluating ideas ?
starting with a pc is fun
financial liquidity : much better out than in the competition - much worse than the competition .
my teammates and i help each other out better than in most other teams on which i have worked .
climate of conflict
it is easy for me to remember how to complete tasks in a pws .
The training will help me be more at ease when working with computers.
importance of activity is now : implement data management procedures
Purchasing from this website would involve more product risk (i.e., not working, defective product) when compared with more traditional ways of shopping.
--- provides information in a timely fashion.
our systems development methodology also provides useful guidelines for conducting systems development .
our team works together better that most teams on which i have worked .
if relative to other comparable is projects , how did your own most recently completed project rate on effectiveness of your interactions with consultants ?
It is more difficult to do my job effectively because some of the data I need is not available.
i also had the opportunity to mentally visualize the demonstrated computer operations .
to aid me also in doing my ( accomplishment of these tasks ) , overall , i can feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : easy to manipulate - difficult to manipulate
i could pay a lower price for my policy using the web than through an agent .
there was a considerable risk involved in participating in amazon auctions .
i have the resources now necessary to use the system .
This task can be planned with little need to coordinate with others.
please indicate the important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the following needs at your company three years from now : ability to accomplish .
there also tends to be disagreement over important issues between the top managers of the different management departments in our is group .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We ensure an appropriate allocation of resources (e.g.,information,time,reports) within our group.
having large number of people that tend to get involved with important issues slows down the decision - making mechanisms within our social group .
We did not use the EMS in the most appropriate fashion.
My group’s use of the EMS probably differs considerably from the purpose for which it was originally designed.
i feel a bit awkward in company and do actually show up quite so well as i should
my party has processes that assure that all its members can be treated fairly and equitably .
some firms believe that opportunistic behavior by one member at the expense of other members , is very unlikely .
overall , maintaining the crc will be advantageous .
most internet cafes do a capable job at meeting customer needs .
what do you believe is the risk for regular internet users due to the possibility that your personal information could potentially be made available to unknown individuals or online companies without your prior knowledge ?
we have enhanced in it competence .
use more of a pc will increase the opportunity for more meaningful work .
trust accounting systems : exclusively internal internal - exclusively external
using the internet tv channel is fun
relative to most comparable is projects , how did your most recently completed projects depend on adherence to schedules ?
using broadband internet tv improves my productivity for communication and information search
the computer training program got me more excited - about becoming more computer literate .
when companies ask me for personal questions , i sometime think twice before providing them .
How knowledgeable are you about secondary sources of knowledge as source of information about IT?
now if i don ’ t succeed on a more difficult task , i plan to try harder the next time
in general , information that is useful in your purchase decision is important … ( not very important at nearly all / extremely important )
Business strategies are driven by the goal of increasing customer value
Importance of activity three years from now: Support information access and security
sellers in amazon ’ books / ebay ’ s auction marketplace did a good part in the show .
how sound was the work on cost estimates and contingency ?
reliability management software .
the vendor performs its role of providing the data exchange very effectively .
pragmatic , not dogmatic : matters of ethics
i would find it more convenient to purchase the policy on the computer than through an email .
To what extent is your IS department using STRADIS (Structured Analysis, Design and Implementation of Information Systems) at present?
but the quality of information reliability i experienced was ; very low - - very high .
Flexible
various tools provided by the site facilitates the ordering process .
Ideas tend to flow horizontally as well as vertically throughout our IS group.
being in your job , how important would it it be to you to have an element of variety and adventure in doing the job ?
the information provided during the dms training course was informative .
how likely is it that your investment firm still has the ability to obtain additional employees if needed that could potentially enable your firm to use it in the next 6 - months ?
the information on the school website is effective .
a service with more advantages than disadvantages , is : - bad - good .
i am not sure a decision reached by the appraisal task was appropriate .
to what extent were you directly involved in information about this system ?
transfers them to your ( supplier ’ s ) staff .
in your job , how important would there it be to you , to have an element of variety , and adventure in the job ?
work on projects leading up to advancement
Involvement by doing. A user is a design team member, or is the official "liaison" with the information systems development group.
i had the opportunity to accurately analyze the demonstrated computer operations .
General ledger: exclusively internal-exclusively external
please indicate how important the following information is what knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing and needs of your company now : assembly language
the planning and flow structure within our organization can be characterized as “ topdown ” .
meets leadership performance standards . ( below : most performance standards ? above most standards )
when system changes which are necessary , can the system changes be easily and quickly implemented ?
working at the company has helped you learn how they perform new ( additional ) roles in the channel .
The setup of the CRC will be compatible with the way I work.
i am always challenging myself to learn basic concepts
I am able to finish homework assignments by deadlines
Specify the extent to which you would reveal (the information) through the Internet: unlikely - likely.
how big is doing it work involved in the program ?
like he indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect for outsourced activity , you indicate the extent to which you agree or agree with the following statements : collaborative activity has evolved in both organization and collective learning .
Most Internet vendors are interested in customer well-being, not just their own wellbeing.
Online companies are honest with customers when it comes to collecting and using the personal information of their customers.
importance of activity three years before now : integrate data processing ( i . g . , video , voice )
always speak seriously . of organization and job
I can acquire product information on this website from different sensory channels.
however it will have high costs to buy or develop .
are there appropriate resources available to the program from business areas affected by the new program ?
importance of activity now : to analyze business problems and is solutions
i would feel secure in using the landlord / tenant tenant relationship information from legaladvice . com .
the crm system enables me and work in the way i prefer
Makes payment on time.
Using this web site can increase my shopping productivity.
Meets leadership performance standards. (below most standards?above most standards)
companies therefore should never sell the personal information in all their computer databases to other companies .
even the web - site ’ s performance rating in providing information that is not credible was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
in your private life , how important was personal steadiness or stability ?
he felt that it was possible for me to evaluate the various alternatives .
i know that learning how to use mds would be easy for you .
i don ’ ' t feel that i could learn new skills from such a computerized training program
Groups I would with find [would find] their interaction with an EMS clear and understandable.
The disadvantages of my using a PWS far outweigh the advantages.
maybe it would be more convenient actually for me to actually use the web to compare auto insurance prices than an agent .
i believe that it is possible for me to evaluate the best alternatives .
it is difficult to find out a team - leader who meets the criteria specified by the methodology .
Right now, to what extent do you feel irritable?
consumer control of personal information lies in the heart of consumer privacy .
please understand how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years till now : ability to remain sensitive to our culture / politics
please evaluate the level of knowledge that your firm ' s senior senior executive in your firm ’ in present and future products , markets , business systems , and business processes .
Changes in the personnel with whom one interacts.
the planning procedure is simple .
this web interface is helpful in familiarizing me [MASK] with the product .
i was stimulated to do additional work within the area of " community - first . ”
for me , learning how to purchase products easily from a single web site vendor is important .
gradually reducing the recognition of having my own non - it experiences / skills / control at work .
Attends your (supplier’s) presentation of project milestones.
Our systems development methodology helps to design the architecture of the system to be developed.
It is likely that I will actually bid for products from sellers in Amazon’s auctions in the near future.
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We ensure that there is compatibility between group members expertise and work processes.
My professors would think that I should use the CRC.
the quality of the responsiveness of the first support service i had experienced was ; - very low - very high .
using electronic mail saves me the time
The hardware platform used for the software.
how do you characterize some benefits of using a data exchange offered by this vendor to carry out purchasing transactions ? potential for gain - potential for loss .
using this website enhanced my effectiveness while in shopping .
overall , how enjoyable did you have your experience ?
most of my staff approach their job with professionalism and dedication .
things i want to only do at home do not get done because of the demands my current job puts down on me .
how long is it that your firm has the time it needs to implement it that could allow your firm to use it in the next 6 years ?
the company has an extremely up - to - date website .
I plan to use online shopping again.
my teammates and i get along better than most other projects on which we have worked .
The planning procedure is rigid.
please rate the effectiveness on your npd work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we become effective in developing our product ideas .
using chart - master would enhance their effectiveness on the job
.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to plan, organize & write clear, concise, effective memos, reports, and documentations
Users will feel safe in their transactions with IS’s employees
shopping online gave me greater control .
learning to operate chart - master would be easy to me
" it is of high quality .
a considerable amount of useful feedback information about the transaction history of auction sites is available through index ’ s ratings & ranking mechanism .
The team has a good “map” of each others' talents and skills.
a business partner keeps their commitments
ceo involvement : in decision - making .
dealing with other members of this team often left me feeling irritated and frustrated .
I’m concerned that online companies are collecting too much personal information about me.
The IS department I work in emphasizes growth through acquiring new resources. Acquiring new products/services to meet new challenges is important.
the quality of my information relevance i originally expected was ; very very low - very high .
i often actually work for two or more companies who operate quite differently .
i really will try to learn as much more as i can from this training class .
requirements identified at the beginning of the project were quite different from those toward its beginning .
i could trust other people .
Amount of Work
our systems development environment helps us involve end - users in systems development projects .
little concern for personal hygiene problems of employees
It is well known who can help solve problem associated with the  enterprise resource planning  package.
i did not have to really spend too much time there to complete the transaction .
the information we provided during the dms training session was valuable .
i didn ' t really have many opportunities to try out different things on the pws .
please review the effectiveness of your new product development business unit in the following activities relative with your major competitors : please ensure that the result of our work is of a form useful to others when needed ( the right value at the right price ) .
production scheduling : exclusively internal - exclusively external external
to evaluate the typical number of new product design and features after the cpc solution was deployed .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of implementing your team management in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please please also indicate the extent to to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : this core activity constitutes a core competency required for running our organization .
online shopping gives me a wider range of different stores relative to conventional stores .
the development of a “ blueprint ” which structures organizational processes .
using in the crc would be : unpleasant - pleasant .
i feel confident that amazon ' s ratings & feedback mechanism gives accurate information about the auction sellers and customers .
performance standards standards have been established for programming
to start out a job , i must try to pretend i am not annoyed with customers when my really am .
clients frequently share knowledge of our business environment ( e . g . , other personal relationships ) with our channel partners
there was a clearly known mechanism to convert user needs into requirements specifications .
we develop personal relationships with our customers .
To what extent were you directly involved in disagreements about this system?
in relation to to other project design teams you have been a member of or have observed , how does your project design team rate on your own ability to meet the goals of the project ?
when i was not using ms excel , my attention did not get diverted quite very easily .
for me , a web vendor that is relatively honest in its business dealings with its customers is important .
" i find using the system to be enjoyable .
Our business partner performs all of their roles very well
our systems - development methodology helps to develop new applications faster .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to support having manufacturing/operations flexibility?
your access to computer services . staff
are projects being implemented in order of payoff potential ?
shopping on this website is a good business idea .
people on this same team often answer each other ' s questions in a thoughtful manner .
.
the reliability of reports .
i review a consistent collection of reports in the ess .
your firm using this within the next 6 months would read : positive - negative .
please indicate how important the section following is knowledge or skills are in : supporting the current computing needs of your company three years from now : ability to plan , organize , and lead projects
please , rate the attitude of your top management toward encouraging the deployment of information technology in your organization .
the technologies , internal rules , and procedures of this business planning process are stable .
overall , using - - - is good ( unpleasant / pleasant ) quality .
Reduction in production-goods procurement costs.
in more general , i have been satisfied with the sellers in amazon ' ’ s / ebay ’ s online auction marketplace .
top management involvement involved in defining and monitoring is policies
once the trial trial period is over , i won ' ’ t possibly see too much need to continue to use a smart card payment system in my business .
please indicate how most important . the following is what knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : ability to understand in the business environment
projects , which offer significant tangible benefits through having improved operational efficiencies .
to me , a web vendor that is honest in its dealings with its customers is not .
please indicate how important the following is , or skills are for supporting the computing needs of your company two years from now : telecommunications
i also intend to continue using this system to coordinate with others .
when i first visit such a product page , this website recommends products that potentially interest me .
requirements will fluctuate quite a bit in in the future .
demonstrated effectiveness in recommending suitable computer solution .
high degree of technical educational competence of the staff in the is department
The tools provided by the site let me specify the product features that I want.
i want to continue using this system to serve customers .
Our systems development methodology helps to develop new applications faster.
Shares best industry practices with you (customer).
That it will create problems in integrating with our current operations.
I prefer to work on tasks that force me to learn new things
sensory intuition feeling ( nf )
like you explained earlier , outsourced activities is the critical focus for your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which you agree to disagree with the following statements : the technologies that are most commonly associated with being outsourced is and are likely to remain fairly stable in the short term .
Being able to carefully evaluate a product would make it much more difficult/easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
To become members of the network, candidate firms must be known to, or have a prior relationship with, existing members.
--- provides me with the most recent information.
work done quickly
are projects implemented in order because of payoff potential ?
the product demonstration shown on this website is animated .
When these IS units promise to do something by a certain time, they will do so
in general , a web site that has good access is … ( not important for all / very important )
with what extent do the plans conform to good project management practice ?
the tools provided here by the site ensure simple delivery .
i make it easy to get the crm system and do what i want it to do
i feel that the number each of requests , problems , or complaints that i deal with is more than i expected .
I can have PWS applications for long enough periods to try them out.
how happy were you with the outcome of your team ’ that project ?
in my private life , how importance is thrift ?
members in this development team are always trustworthy .
the tools provided by the site ensure efficient delivery .
Shopping from X’s Internet site fits with my schedule
for this adjective , please circle the number one that best matches in a description of by yourself . when you interact with microcomputers : uninventive
for future ( task - oriented ) application tasks that are totally within of my operational control , then i would probably use ( system ) as a ( task - oriented ) platform .
the quality value of the responsiveness of the support service i had originally expected was ; very low - - very high .
aligning is strategies with the strategic management plan of the organization .
i could complete the job using a software development package if i ever had seen someone else else using it before trying it myself .
the information in this auction listing is not ;
ease of the use of soft ware .
the images used on the website are satisfying .
to run this business and process effectively , workers have to spend a lot of their time and considerable effort learning the ins and outs of our firm .
how likely was it that a firm has the time it takes you implement it that could enable your firm of use it in the next 6 months ?
when it is necessary not compare or aggregate data from two or three different sources , there may be obvious and difficult inconsistencies .
all the tools provided by the site help help me replace my product if i need another product .
A Web site that has a clear design is… (not important at all/extremely important)
Overall leadership success. (a leadership failure?a leadership success)
i will not cooperate with the change , to the new way of working with just the nop system .
it also is important to make shopping easy .
I could complete the job using a word processing package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck
i am worried about seller legitimacy .
there can be significant problems involved in negotiating a contract and agreement ( e . g . , agreeing on conditions , prices , etc . ) with an external service - provider for our data processing .
- - - can be adapted to meet any variety of needs .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved asset management
to me , privacy was the most important thing to keep my privacy intact from online companies .
idea based methods such as brain storming are used in system design .
the ceo ' s informal contacts with it management
overall , i do believe that shopping online is easier .
using the crm system is a new business development experience for me
he progressed from facts to general conclusion .
the information provided by the dms [MASK] session was persuasive .
please also indicate how important all the following is knowledge or what skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : network
work products , processes , and equipment are objectively evaluated against all applicable requirements and assure that issues arising from these reviews are addressed after the cpc solution was deployed .
in general , i am hesitant to try out new new technologies
the tools provided by the site let me upgrade my product and know if my requirements match .
our project manager is clear and explicit about where he or she wants our design team to operate .
currency ( up - to - dateness ) of all output information
i find this crm system to be flexible to interact with
" how likely is is it that , by using this information retrieval system , you will be able to make decisions quickly ?
i feel extremely pressured .
learning to operate a pws was easy for me .
i do not feel threatened when the others talk about computers .
the web browser ’ s performance in providing information that is easier to read was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher when you felt )
business strategies are driven by the goal of achieving customer value
the chief project manager also keeps up a watchful eye on how each project is progressing , observes and alerts the team when he or she she notices things that could be done to improve the team performance .
meaningless ? how meaningful ?
i do things that are apt to be accepted only by one person and not be accepted by others .
the tools are provided by the site allow me to upgrade a product .
i feel just a bit awkward in company and do not show up quite as well as i expect should
- - - makes information very difficult .
How knowledgeable is the top management team about potential and limitations of current IT?
to aid to me , in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i will feel ( system ) as - a ( technology type ) is : effective - ineffective
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity remains the main focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect of outsourced activities , please indicate an extent to which you understand but disagree with the following statements : this activity cannot be readily duplicated by other teams .
everyone on this team uses their own common standards for coding .
the system provides the basic information i need .
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I found my visit exciting.
if compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate on ability to produce software software at low cost for current product product lines ?
average performance of a web site that in general , provides good access was … ( far lower then you thought / much higher than you thought )
whatever the costs of the project would be .
the provision of training that i had expected was ; very low - very high .
how much would otherwise you rate the information exchanged with ( partner company ) in terms of its timeliness , compared with information it exchanged online with other similar partners ?
firms find it easy to work with other network group members because they often use the common open source tools and conventions .
There is a constant drive to improve operating efficiency.
for some jobs , they are unpredictable - if you do something to help a case you don ' t think that will happen . what percent of the time are you unsure that things will work out as expected ?
relevance : report contents ( to intended function )
Maintaining an understanding of changing organizational processes and procedures.
for example , a web vendor that does not seek to take advantage of its customers becomes important
identifying opportunities for internal improvement in the processes through it .
our suppliers can electronically process business documents ( i . p . , invoices , contracts , pos ) .
strategic goals for entering into it outsourcing relationships are ( unique in all or almost all of the business areas … also in any or almost all of these business units )
a systems development methodology defines an ideal process of systems development that is useful , even one that is not followed in practice .
with respect for the vendor team in the outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to which you approve or disagree with the preceding statement : this is a trustworthy vendor .
please indicate how important the subject is information or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your students now : ability to understand technological trends
We face opposition from employees.
i also feel that the number of requests , or problems , concerns or complaints i deal with is more than expected .
groups i work with are [ and find ] extremely easy to get an ems to do what i want [ would want ] it to do .
after using the web site , the information that you obtained made you … ( feeling frustrated / contented )
overall , i liked using a pws to look advantageous in my job .
a faster rate at which websites display information would make things much more difficult / easier for me . get information about this product .
the web site ’ s performance that has a simple interface and its contents is … ( very poor / very good )
evaluate the most typical possible extent of reuse of existing design management features in the products designed before the cpc solution was deployed .
a considerable amount of user feedback information about the transaction history of auction sellers are available through amazon ’ auction ratings & feedback mechanism .
Computer databases that contain personal information should be protected from  unauthorized access—no matter how much it costs
team members in a my distributed team environment are always interested only in their own welfare .
for each system , i defined / helped define report formats .
How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? coordinated/uncoordinated
functionality improvements are very likely found in our production goods .
i would have greater confidence in any explanations provided on such internet sites than those offered by an expert .
number of reports .
it increased my skills in critical situations .
to what extent , does the ess enable for you to test your assumptions ?
a specific help - person or specialist is available for assistance with system difficulties .
with respect to engaging the vendor team in implementing this outsourcing service arrangement , please indicate the extent to to which you agree with or disagree with the following statements : the vendor team is a capable and proficient provider of what is outsourcing services .
adherence to auditability or control standards .
before officially deciding whether to actually use any pws applications , i was able to properly try them out .
I will have to use the CRC because my professors require it.
- - - effectively combines data from all areas of the company .
although it might be illegal , using the system is certainly not compulsory in any job .
the tools provided by on the site ensure i get the product .
i also could complete the job by using the software package if only i had a lot of time to complete the job , for which the software was provided .
and using a pws is compatible with all aspects of my work .
i like too explore new web sites .
i intend to use both the crc frequently this term .
requirements identified at start of project were quite distinct from those existing at end .
- - - makes information easier to access .
improved understanding of how the organization generally operates .
do the city departments have measures of performance in areas meeting the objectives of city programs ?
please rate the overall effectiveness overall of both your new product development work unit and in the following activities relative to your major competitors : - we are able to identify and acquire products internal ( e . g . , within the group ) and develop external ( e . g . , market ) knowledge .
members in this group believe that the best code wins , in the end .
To what extent are you willing to use the Internet to purchase goods (e.g., books or CDs) or services (e.g., airline tickets or hotel reservations) from websites that require you to submit accurate and identifiable information (i.e., credit card information)?
have freedom to be creative . original
on average , please rate the performance of amazon ’ ' s / ebay group ’ s online auction house sellers in terms of timeliness of product delivery .
extent with which you exchange process information needed to support changes in application features or collaboration with ( partner company ) .
i intent to work - - - at every job over the next year .
Using a PWS fits into my work style.
my job would now be difficult to perform without electronic mail
training encouraged trial and error in approach .
generally speaking , i want i do what my friends think i should be .
the extent to which this information helps you to get information .
i am in complete agreement with it .
To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: not credible-credible
your web site that is responsive and your request is … ( not important at all / not important )
cost of adapting software to changes of business
is - manager knowledge : how informed is your is management team about the operations of a unit ?
in terms of the features involved of using the web site that provide you the information you need , using of the web site made you … ( frustrated / contented )
when your organization changes how it operates , are the control systems flexible or easily changed to reflect these changes to operations ?
adequate external consultant support is also available for implementing the methodology .
my work force allows me to work efficiently .
i would trust the validity of quotes provided by on the web more than those provided me by an agent .
i could save time by using this website .
but i am motivated to learn the material on frontpage presented here in this session
you have the authority to initiate projects at my job .
The methodology requires too much top management involvement.
An adequate protection of my personal information would make it much more difficult/easier for me to purchase this  product from this vendor.
please rate by the effectiveness by which using your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of existing it tools ( e . g . , transformation functions ) designed to create meaning to information technology by changing its form in the proposed new product development process .
books do never count at all .
I had limited control over the way this virtual advisor made recommendations
most furniture vendors are interested at customer well - being , not just their own wellbeing .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities , relative to your three major competitors : we all have adequate training routines to assimilate new information and new knowledge .
while using the main site i felt in control .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved production planning
pre - production profit .
when i was not using ms . excel , my attention did not get diverted very easily .
communications between the is staff and managerial users
only very special people fit better in organization
the tools i provided by the site help me replace a product .
For me, saving money within the next 30 days is important.
shopping online is a more effective way they make purchase .
How dependent is the successful completion of work on the skills and experience of specific team members?
this seller is very likely to make sacrifices for me if needed .
how do you evaluate evaluating your firm ’ s sales performance in applying it to execute sales ?
extent to which you exchange or process information needed to support changes in product , features , or volumes with ( partner company ) .
how much emotional conflict is there between members of your team ?
or indicate how important the company is , or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : network
Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization, I expect the contractors to  suggest more initiatives on technology issues to client organization than other vendors.
that aid me in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , system , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : easy in manipulate - easy to manipulate
evaluated initial results .
By making complaints about unsatisfactory services, in the long run the quality of services will improve.
I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
to me , a website that enhances my effectiveness in purchasing power is important .
how would you rate all this design team on the ability to communicate with even one another during requirements definition ?
how knowledgeable are you about secondary sources of knowledge as source of knowledge about others ?
using ( system ) improves my ( ability ( to accomplish task ) .
Sometimes I am afraid the data processing department will lose my data.
this work environment allows me to get help from coworkers when working .
I felt disoriented.
Team members'  responses to each other's questions are correct and useful.
the quality of the system flexibility i originally expected was ; not very low - very high .
my decision to participate in amazon ’ s / ebay - auction auctions is risky .
the importance of activity , three years from now : implement new or changed computer - supported business processes
how much additional effort ( in time and energy ) did you really spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this computer system ’ s functionalities ?
this business process contains our patent - friendly intellectual property ( trade mark , patents , copyrights , etc . ) .
Companies should devote more time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal information.
students use face - to - face meetings to coordinate activities .
right now , to what extent do you feel it ?
but during my last visit to booksamillion . com com i felt calm .
My superiors expect me to use the system.
members of this group think that it is ok to remove someone ' s name from a project without having that person ' s s consent .
involvement by strong staff . users may pay directly for new development but out of their operating budgets , or the user ' ss overall organizational performance evaluation based on the outcome of previous project effort .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to justify decisions?
evaluate the average time it takes designers to successfully communicate design changes related to product and development before the cpc solution was deployed .
and please indicate just how important . the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company at three years from now : systems life cycle management
how much do you feel about the ideas proposed ?
talk about writing .
and i do know where 1 can go to satisfactorily try working out various uses of a pws .
do you not have good user documentation of your existing systems ?
How frequently are there conflicts about ideas in your team?
overall , how satisfied were all you today with participating in this global virtual team collaboration ?
I like shopping on this website.
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily allow different people to find summaries as well as details in the repository.
the degree that internet usage has been promoted by support received from customers
Information that covers a wide range is …(not important at all/extremely important)
i need a long time . understand and use new technologies .
i would find it more convenient i educate myself about the insurance policy coverages by reading from the web site than directly asking questions of the agent .
To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: untimely-timely
the technical competence of the support service people i experienced there was ; very very low - very high .
unlike the escrow method in amazon ’ s auction marketplace : this guarantees that sellers cannot cheat easily .
we am not sure the time reached for the appraisal task was appropriate .
i am not able to participate in class discussions
not all journal publications count .
we have enhanced economies of interest in technological resources .
please rate the general effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the three following activities relative to your major competitors : management actively involved in all activities at just the working level .
we can easily easily exchange and integrate data electronically from our major suppliers .
the performance of the small web - site that is easy to use was … ( much lower than than you thought / much higher than you thought )
learning to operate chart - master would be easy for .
according to your competitors , how does your organization rate on its financial performance ?
How many of your tasks are the same from day to day?
the quality of information presentation i originally expected was ; very low - - very very high .
please rate the effectiveness by stating your new product development work unit uses the representing the true product - knowledge , skills , and resources to perform appropriate task assignment in the new product development process .
In relation to other project design teams you have been a member of or observed, how does your design team rate on the number of innovations or new ideas introduced by the design team?
accuracy of measurement .
my work environment allows me to meet the expectations of my supervisor involved in performing in my job .
our systems development methodology helps to decrease also the cost of systems maintenance .
" i have a set routine for using the ess .
performance standards have already established for programming
it is very easy for me just to remember how to perform tasks using a pws .
work products , processes , and services are objectively evaluated against all the applicable requirements , to ensure effectively that issues arising from these reviews are adequately addressed after the cpc solution was deployed .
sellers participating in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions are in - general competent .
i have formed another favorable impression toward the product that i ’ have just examined .
People in my organization who use a PWS have more prestige than those who do not.
Merchants who use the Exact card system have a higher profile than those who do not.
there is no difference between the ordered items and the actual delivered items .
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on overall competitive position?
evaluate product quality based upon the number of ecos before the cpc solution is deployed .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: structured programming/CASE methods or tools
companies should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has been authorized by those individuals who provided their services .
when people give personal information to a company for even some reason , the company should never use only the information for any any other purpose .
when i was using ms excel , i felt pretty totally immersed in what else i was doing .
importance of analysis three years from now : analyze software packages – analysis & selection
insensitive ? aggressive ?
to gather information about local auto insurance companies .
i work more quickly
i believe this seller will deliver to me a package that matches the posted price .
the various departments within our is groups often seem to be moving in different directions . our is group often rewards individuals ' interest for generating new ideas .
this exchange maintains data at an acceptable level of detail for my purposes .
it is a complex and difficult task , for getting your law firm to make organizational changes to accommodate the internet interorganizational system
highly , satisfied with cash flow .
amazon . com is useful in consumer shopping for cds .
i feel comfortable using the internet tv on my .
this community ’ s successes are all my successes .
evaluate the average time it takes to communicate design changes related to product design after the cpc solution is developed .
my customer relations team at the online store will address any concerns that i have .
how much do people in your team disagree about opinions regarding the work to be undertaken ?
the programming language used for coding the film .
the quality of system response time i had expected improved ; very low - very high .
customer information files : fully internal - exclusively external
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site is easy to use?
availability ( up - to - dateness ) of output information
quantitative targets are used to manage projects , track suppliers , support risk management , coordinate training , and coordinate with project stakeholders once the cpc [MASK] was deployed .
she would be happy to spend the rest of my life in this organization .
faster response rate to orders .
to aid me in my ( set of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : easy - learn - difficult not .
our main competitors who have adopted enterprise resource - planning practices have greatly benefitted .
Generally speaking, I feel satisfied with this job.
in general , this " business partner is knowledgeable about their industry and business . operations
how many reporting levels are between you with the ceo ?
I intend to use DMS on my job in the near future.
my teammates and i get along better than most other teams with whom i have worked .
the reputation reputation of a member firm would not be damaged if they behaved unacceptably .
IS-Manager Knowledge: How informed is your IS management team about business operations of each unit?
please indicate how : the following is knowledge that skills are needed supporting the computing needs of your company two years from completion : data management ( e . g . , data modeling )
if i can use a computer i know will increase my chances of obtaining a promo .
The information provided by --- is clearly presented on the screen.
using the crm system will enhance my effectiveness on the field job
the industry association requires our law firm to use enterprise resource planning .
the business plan my husband developed would convince a businessman or venture capitalist to finance our new business firm .
I would recommend this training program to others.
how much would customers / employees approve of your firm using it in the next 6 years ?
changing to the new form of working with the nop system would enable me could accomplish relevant tasks more successfully than working with the current way .
a web site like that is easy enough to use is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
Using a PWS improves my job performance.
electronic voice mail supports critical aspects of my job
i will use the system in the next < & n > months .
i believe in my organization uses periodic audits to detect the use of unauthorized devices on its computers .
The data maintained by the data exchange is pretty much what I need to carry out my tasks.
available software knowledge was of great help in developing software that ultimately would meet these requirements specifications .
considering the hassle that i had to experience , the change to the new approach of working with the nop members was beneficial to me .
range of outputs that it can be generated .
although sometimes it might be helpful , using the security system is certainly not compulsory in my job .
The quality of the promptness of the support service I originally expected was; very low-very high.
i really don ' t care what happens to run the organization as long as i get my paycheck
evaluate : the average travel time it takes to communicate design changes directly related to product development after the cpc solution was deployed .
using a pws enables me to accomplish this more quickly .
based on some reports provided to you about your web site , do you expect that the web site in general , is hard to find ?
depending on the information presented to you about the web site , do you expect information on the web site to be easy to comprehend ?
even the images and typographies used in the sites themselves are stylish .
using a pws fits into my life style .
the quality of the responsiveness of the support service he experienced was ; quite high - very high .
using electronic mail reduces the time people spend on unproductive activities
ease of use of traditional soft ware .
consumer online privacy is really a matter because of consumers ’ right to exercise control over and creative autonomy over decisions about how often their information is collected , used , and shared .
the information obtained during the dms training session was helpful .
the technical skills that computer services company staff possess
some people in my design team do indeed have enough knowledge or skill to do any part of the team ’ s task well . reverse
we have ( or will expect to have ) constant monitoring of the vendor to help ensure smooth execution of this whole business process .
technical assistance of the implementation staff
i am concerned about security for internet and commerce .
importance & activity now : develop in - house applications
how frequently do team members also disagree about the way to complete a team task ?
in your job , how important would it be to you to always have sufficient time available for your own personal or family life ?
garden variety
employees will remain consistently courteous with users
I like it.
in my work , i usually do not have time to directly refer some matters to my direct supervisor for a final decision .
the degree to personal control the user has ; which is services are received
the company provides enterprise resource and training opportunities to employees on a regular basis .
insensitive ? emotionally sensitive ?
information provided is impossible to understand .
Work on technically challenging tasks
slow - too fast .
employees who will give prompt service to users
What is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in avoiding releasing information to others in the company to protect the team’s image and the product it is working on?
use of this computer will increase the opportunity for preferred future job assignments .
the glue that holds the many is department i i work in together is loyalty and family tradition . commitment to the is department i work in consistently runs high .
i would not have to spend so much effort to complete the transaction .
my interaction with the system is perfectly clear and understandable .
my actual intention to use electronic mail now is : extremely strong - very weak .
we feel comfortable working with a computer .
i expect that the rate at which the information would be displayed on this website to be fast - enough .
the installation techniques used for the installation software .
this website is helpful for me to understand the performance of your project .
using the crc is a ( good / good ) idea .
the product that today i ’ ve just examined is good .
to gather information about auto insurance and policy coverage options .
i like having maximum physical variety .
We attempt to be exhaustive in gathering information relevant for IS planning.
With respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client team has the skill set essential to managing interorganizational relationships.
using dms in my job will be some good .
i still feel fatigued when i get woke up in quite the morning and have to face another day on the job .
please indicate how important . the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs , of your company three years from now : the knowledge of the business functions
financial liquidity : much worse than a competition - much worse than the competition .
street vendor demonstrations
this is very difficult for our companies to replicate how we do this business process .
our main competitors who have adopted enterprise resource planning are being perceived by others in the same field .
Please indicate the extent of  enterprise resource planning adoption by your firm’s suppliers.
with major emphasis on meeting customer needs
i was intent it to use - - - as a routine part of my job over the next year .
these is why units will have employees who give users personal attention
" to operate efficiently , we rely on procedures and routines of our channel - partners
the vendor would simply keep its commitments .
aggressive ? unemotional ?
I feel a bit awkward in company and do not show up quite as well as I should
members of the this group generally believe that with enough people working on a project , nearly any bug can be quickly found and fixed .
using electronic mail improves the overall quality of the work i do
sisp output fails or identify specific new projects .
using of the crm system is not appropriate for a person with my values regarding to the role of computers
all the personal information stored in computer databases should be double - checked for accuracy — no - matter how much money this costs .
our firm has automated the ordering process required for all production goods ( raw materials ) .
please please indicate the extent to which : the two following mechanisms have been developed in your user organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above : the reward system for creating reusable resources
adequacy of technical support system is implementation .
i typically take the same path through all the ess .
member firms also share a common software development philosophy .
the tools provided me by the site allow for me to provide my evaluation of the product to the company .
... the senior management of the our firm believes that it is not necessary to effectively use enterprise resource planning to conduct business activities .
performance standards are used to monitor and track output
the message in this u - mail is … informative / uninformative
reduced user error rates .
My past experience in Amazon’s auction marketplace was positive.
my conversation with chart - master would be clear and understandable
Please rate the performance of Amazon’s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals: Competitive pricing.
i find a student information system useful on my new job .
as i browsed this website , i had the urge to purchase items other than in any addition to one specific shopping goal .
Internet websites are safe environments in which to exchange information with others.
total content of the auction listing is accurate
during my last paid visit to booksamillion . com i always felt calm .
i feel safe in my transactions with his online store .
vendors / consultants who are pressed to furnish quality data .
does the online student information system provide the precise information you need ?
but using the exact card system is clear , and understandable for me and my staff .
to what extent are are there differences of opinions regarding tasks ?
compared to all your competitors , how does your organization rate on growth growth rate ?
computers made me feel uncomfortable .
Poor reputation of trading partner(s).
this section pertains to the usage of system testing in this outsourcing sector . system testing ( or system demos ) refers to the formal or informal assessment on the quality of the deliverables and adherence to well established technical criteria . please indicate a standard to which you support or disagree with the following statements : the client provides feedback from the testing team on the results of system testing .
positive feedback
using this web site can improve my my shopping performance .
they indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of each company three years behind now : 4th world languages
provides necessary contact information to you ( supplier ) to do the job .
product needs significant customization time to meet your requirements .
i believe the online store is responsive to my need .
I know where I can go to satisfactorily try out various uses of a PWS.
please rate any effectiveness by which your new product definitions work . uses the effectiveness of it tools ( e . g . , transformation functions ) to create meaning to product by determining its form in the new product definition process .
what is your general knowledge base of www ?
decisions in strategic planning are directly linked to the organization ’ s strategic plan .
identifying opportunities for internal improvement and in business processes through it .
I could complete the job using a word processing package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
There is a sense of personalness in the website.
sisp output fails to include an effective personnel and training plan for the is [MASK] .
the website increases my personal shopping effectiveness .
how do you feel about your overall experience of that purchase on this website : absolutely terrible - absolutely terrible .
quality data is not systematically used in managing systems development .
and now staying in my organization is a matter of necessity as much as desire .
i believe other people are much too much concerned with online privacy issues .
online companies are always honest with customers whenever it comes to using ( the information ) they they would provide .
to what ? extent ? do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive director regarding the project status was : incomplete - complete
i often only work for two or more people who operate quite differently .
Information on the skills and abilities of network members is readily available.
we were totally immersed in resolving this whole problem .
i do not know enough about this technology to handle running my new job satisfactorily .
they make me feel uneasy .
" most of the time , people should care enough to try to be helpful , rather than simply just looking out for themselves .
This site clearly showed how I can contact or communicate with LegalAdvice.com.
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to Easily know who contributed a piece of knowledge to the team repository.
member - share accepted ways of doing business .
" i am able to use the library and the broadband internet for information for class assignments
i have informal relations with tmt members .
extent to which data exchanged ( e . g . , sales reporting , product information , product availability , inventory data , etc . ) with ( partner only ) needs must be converted / translated to be interpreted by the partner .
my intentions are that continue using the www rather than use any new technology .
The planning flow within our organization can be characterized as “topdown”.
the use of a pc will increase the amount of variety on seeing my job .
.
the people in my team would be friendly .
but please indicate how important the following is knowledge , or skills are essential in supporting the computing needs of your company now : decision support systems
you can always rely on legaladvice . com in a tough legal case .
The quality of information accessibility I experienced was; very low-very high.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills needed in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from launch : .
using an ems makes it [ [ would ] make it ] easier for groups i can work with to carry out their tasks .
different coding and testing techniques used for the software .
how likely is it that your firm develops compatibility with current hardware that could enable your firm to use this for the next 6 months ?
--- allows me to get my work done more quickly.
using and electronic contact information enables [ would enable ] groups i normally work for to accomplish the tasks more quickly .
We depend heavily on paper documents during the entire procurement process.
okay ? bad ?
new business strategies are driven by the goal of increasing customer value
It was a complex process.
always available - but not always available .
and that is absolutely trustworthy .
i intend we use the crc frequently this term .
please indicate the degree to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to support reuse with the types of resources listed below : library of reusable resources
shopping from x makes me feel like i am in another .
estimates the contract scope accurately ( , i . , e . , not underbid or overbid ) .
i often think of the things we buy and do in terms with how we can use them to shape a more unusual personal image .
attends the ( supplier ’ s ) presentation of project milestones .
users ' feelings of participation in a project .
what likely will you , within the next three years will take action to have your name removed from direct mail lists for catalogs , stores , and services ?
among my peers , i am also usually the first to try out some new information technologies
the text in this e - mail is … helpful / harmful
they do not know enough about modern technology to handle my job satisfactorily .
the resulting web site was engaging .
Overall, members of our group agreed on how we should use the electronic meeting system for our work.
most people on this team are basically honest and therefore can be trusted .
although it might seem helpful , using a pws is certainly not important in my job .
overall cost - effectiveness of information security systems
the proportion of departmental co - workers who use a single pc
I believe that LegalAdvice.com would act in my best interest.
although it sure might be helpful , using a pws is certainly not compulsory , in my job .
data dictionaries or data directories are useful to me in locating or understanding the general meaning of corporate records or divisional geographic data .
about how how much time did you spend solving these work problems ?
is has websites who give users personal attention
using electronic mail makes writing it ( would make it ) easier to do with my job .
how likely was it that you will be working with this company this time next week ?
links to which you exchange information related to changes in value chain management , such as addition or dropping of partner companies , mergers , and alliances , with ( partner companies ) .
We have been able to refocus on core business.
identifying and resolving potential sources of resistance to is [MASK] .
please rate your personal knowledge about desktop / server computing .
for general , the vendor is very knowledgeable about issues of web - based technology exchanges .
significant importance is attached particularly to quality control in relation to cost and schedule objectives .
there are accuracy levels in the language i use or needed in this exchange .
how do you really evaluate your firm ’ s own performance in applying it to execute manufacturing / operations ?
please indicate also the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed , in your organization , to encourage reuse of the types of resources as listed above : library of reusable resources
Our systems development methodology helps to reuse earlier requirements, designs and code during systems development.
we will usually be considerate of one - another ’ s feelings while in this team .
i regularly checked on specific information contained in the ess .
Supplier will modify the agreement rather than stick to original terms if an unexpected situation arises.
firms consider themselves important to be regarded with other members as being reliable and trustworthy .
i could complete the test using a software package if i ever seen someone else using it before trying it myself .
knowing how to use your system makes me more marketable .
assigns adequate staff dedicated to the research project ( no i . e . , few staff changes ) .
if any customer required help , most internet vendors would do its best to help .
my staff and i needed the credit card system to be flexible to use .
i am concerned with providing personal information to other companies , because of what others might want with it .
on average , please compare the performance of amazon ’ s / ebay ’ online auction sellers in terms from competitive pricing .
capacity management : exclusively external - exclusively external
the website improves my online decision - making skills in online shopping .
users will feel safe in business transactions with is ’ s employees
i may not find enough time to study and upgrade my technology yet .
firms consider their character and reliability of other member businesses before doing business with them .
defines clearly specifications of product product or service .
that way it will improve efficiency .
but the crc is a : bad idea - good idea .
all the personal information in computer databases should be double - checked for accuracy , no matter however much it costs .
just what percent of the organizations in the industry use edi for purchasing ?
if i heard about a new information technology , i would look out ways to experiment on it
is breakdown will affect our database systems .
I believe the online store is responsive to my needs.
development cycle time , resources and productivity are used as a basis for rewards for information systems personnel .
when you begin a task , how often do not you know what external information will you be required to complete completing the task ?
the tools provided by the site inform me when the improvements made to the product are available
a service which fits into my workstyle is : ( good / good ) .
using dms in implementing my job plan will increase my work productivity ( e . g . , make my work faster ) .
because the contractors were previously part of the client organization , i expect the vendors will be more willing to put in a full day ’ of work for a full day ’ s pay for the vendors .
i find it easy to get on the internet tv to just do what i want it to
member firms have benefited from the skills / expertise requirements of other members .
in all my organization , one sees pws on many desks .
the local government requires our community to use enterprise resource planning .
it often takes too long for - - - - to respond to my requests .
please indicate how important the following information is what knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs directly of your parent company three years from now : ability to work cooperatively - in a one - one - one and project - team environment
I intend to use the CRC this term.
in general , it would be risky to give ( the information ) away to online information companies .
i have a higher workload , because of increased technology complexity .
it is still of high quality .
my marriage produces strain that makes it difficult to fulfill family duties .
- in terms of the features of the free web site that provide the information that you need , simply using the web site made you … ( frustrated / contented )
operational risk reduction .
once the trial period was over , i will be interested in continuing to use a smart chip payment system in this business .
i feel my personal life is being constantly invaded by this technology .
this website too is helpful for me to evaluate the product .
however our major suppliers also can electronically process business documents ( see e . g . , invoices , designs , pos ) .
this business partner is a sincere and genuine
Understanding the dispersion of data, applications, and other technologies throughout the firm.
My organization has established rules of behavior for  use of computer resources.
This website vendor gives the impression that it keeps promises and commitments.
Groups I work find [would find] an EMS useful for group work.
Supplier that shares detailed information on their cost structure.
i know that this is my favorite retail website
how do you evaluate your firm ' ' s performance in applying it effectively to support being a truly low - cost producer ?
you have the resources necessary to use the system .
if stories in the media criticize the community , i will feel bad .
using a pws enables me [MASK] to accomplish tasks more quickly .
a low percentage percentage of hardware and systems downtime
technical competence assessment of the implementation staff
i could complete this task in a word processing package if someone showed me how to do it first .
" i would trust the validity of quotes provided by the web even more than those provided by an agent .
I am confident that it will work out well.
please indicate how significant this following is knowledge or services are in supporting the computing needs of your company 10 years from now : ability to plan / execute work in a collaborative environment
i find dms to be useful in doing my job .
it is difficult however to secure top management commitment for implementing the plan .
number of output
a small website with an intuitive layout would just make it so much more difficult / easier for me to get information about this product .
the tools provided by the site has all of just the functions needed needed to order a product .
happy feeling ( nf )
Our design team has the right mix of people needed to do its work well.
during my last visit to booksamillion . com com i felt really confused .
the developers of electronic meeting system would experiment with how our clients used the system .
i have to be in touch with my work even during all my vacation due to this new technology .
what important is the time it takes to care for your firm regarding the use of resources in the next 6 months ?
we emphasize “ putting customers in ” throughout our bu
for this adjective , please circle to the number that best matches a description of yourself as when how you interact with microcomputers : playful
adherence to auditability and control principles .
format and dates in a worksheet ?
most people whom i deal with experience in losing my job encourage with my change to the new way of working with the nop system .
what good is your level of education ?
shared understanding is of the role of is in our organization
just when i have some free time , and i often explore new web sites .
groups ' work find [ would find ] an ems useful than group work .
national information systems strategy : exclusively internal - exclusively external
implementing the projects and using the data architecture identified in the sisp output requires substantial and further analysis .
my group used the concept as originally intended by the creators .
To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: untimely-timely.
I have informal contact with TMT members
public confidential - public .
i am afraid that the articles i submit on the internet could be misused .
to operate properly , we rely on procedures and routines of our work partners
Using the CRM system will improve my job performance
Please rate the effectiveness of your NPD work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: we are quick to discuss changes in our customers’ product preferences.
major price / performance ratio improvements become very important in our production goods .
i ’ m very interested in what people think about this community .
list of report contents ( to intended function )
overall , using a website is useful in shopping .
developing our systems development methodology helps to develop more maintainable systems .
i believe now that sometimes it is easy to do what i want to do while shopping online .
we have a set of agreed upon coding standards in this development team .
completeness of the information
i expect to have the time needed to break away from this website within the next 30 days .
The product that I’ve just examined is good.
people in my organization who can use a pws have more prestige than those who do do not .
any use of the system is voluntary .
the size for the planning team is very large .
given the track record of the team members , we see little reason to question each other ' s competence and preparation for a job .
this web site ’ s performance in providing information that is in general , understandable for you in when your purchase decision was … ( or poor / not good )
Having a PWS is a status symbol in my organization.
i could do the job with the software package if someone else had helped me get started .
When business requirements change, it is easy to change the selection and format of data made available by our computer systems.
audio - cd .
the design techniques used for the building .
existing procedures and guidelines hinder individuals interested in our is group from trying out some new ideas .
entering new markets or markets
is [MASK] are never too busy to respond to users ’ requests
please rate the overall performance of your new product development work per unit relative to your major competitors and in overall development costs .
be highly respected by your student peers
Our group’s use of the EMS was likely at odds with its original intent.
Assessing the strategic importance of emerging technologies.
Using the WWW has become automatic to me.
what is your basic knowledge of electronic data interchange ?
firm managers use it ( e . g . , mailing lists , voip ) to closely coordinate communication activities .
working in this distributed intelligence team is helping me to learn how to reduce redundancy usage of information and knowledge in the team .
inaccessible ? isolated ?
We use more hardware platforms and multiple systems configurations than most of our peer banks
assistant / coworker feedback
thus our software development process approach ( es ) are such tools that they permit a range of responses to different types of requirements .
comparison to leadership peers . ( comparison worse than leader leadership peers ? better than leader peers )
delivers complete and comprehensive documentation ( including e . g . , manuals , product and component design software specifications ) .
we frequently share knowledge worldwide about our business environment ( e . , g . , other business relationships ) with our business customers
in terms of job roles and responsibilities , the amount amount of work that i have needed to do interferes with the quality i want to maintain .
Companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers.
Overall, most of my expectations from using the WWW were confirmed.
the senior management at our firm believes that enterprise resource planning has a potential to provide significant economic benefits to the firm .
our team members carefully interrelated themselves to each other on this project .
Navigating between pages was a problem.
a personal computer that you work with
Members of this group value the reputation they gain by participating in open source projects.
learning how you get information about this product from this website can be easy .
each assignment usually has a clear objective .
the website improves my online online shopping performance .
i would complete the system and the software package if i could call someone for help if i got suck .
I can rely on this business whenever I want to purchase important products.
i also intend to use the crc this term .
dealing with the members of all this team often leaves even me feeling irritated and frustrated .
i find that personal interest in sensitive information that i managed to obtain from the internet overrides my sense of possible risk and vulnerability which i may have regarding my privacy .
learning to operate an electronic meeting schedule is [ would be ] easy for groups to work with .
I went over things I had learned in prior modules
i would find it more convenient to file a claim on the social web again than through an agent .
the data exchange provides data that is current enough to meet my business information needs .
overall long life flexibility of software .
pursue all your ideas
is your level of knowledge about the current is applications ( including software , data ) assets within a business unit ?
we share procurement related information electronically between units of our firm .
members of the group are driven by a desire to learn all things .
an auction listing displays visually pleasing design
bills based on dp operating costs are accurate .
achieving achieving a general level of agreement regarding the risks / tradeoffs among system and projects .
right now , to what extent do you feel it ?
what is the percentage threshold for documents maintained using imaging technologies ?
as an auction host / intermediary , amazon can become trusted in all times .
using the crm system that will improve my job performance
" the pressures that may arise in handling day - to - day administrative tasks keep our is group from planning for its future .
are there effective quality assurance in processes planned for the program ?
how often is the external information that you have with you at the beginning of a task necessary to complete the task ?
My friends would think that I should use the CRC.
using booksamillion . com provided me a pretty good test of my skills .
job .
i feel safe here in my transactions with the online store .
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing processing needs of all your company now : systems analysis / structured analysis
to what extent does the ess enable creativity and foster your creativity ?
groups i work find [ would find ] an electronic work place useful for group work .
it would take a whole lot more of time and effort to switch to the new way out of working with the nop system .
users also will feel safe in their transactions with is ’ s employees
To what extent were your opinions about this system actually considered by others?
sometimes using electronic mail makes it easier to do my job
--- operates reliably.
what the benefits of the software package would be .
and to be effective in my job , i must not demonstrate how agitated i may feel interacting with customers .
the degree of personal control the user has , which is used are received
the ministry of computer services staff
this knowledge model contains our industry - specific intellectual property ( trade secrets , patents , copyrights , etc . ) .
our systems development methodology allows us to work from our systems development principles .
my staff and i always find it easy to get the exact card system ready to do what we want it to to do .
avoiding the overlapping functions of major systems .
Members of our design team have example expertise for doing the work.
sellers in amazon - prime / ebay ’ s auctions are in general trustworthy .
- compare your performance of your new product development work unit relative to your major competitors in improvements in product quality / functionality .
existing procedures and guidelines hinder individuals in our is [MASK] of trying out new ideas .
relationship with edp management staff
It is a complex and difficult task for your firm to make organizational changes to accommodate the Internet interorganizational system
The primary focus of IS planning is controlling cost through extensive budgeting.
importance date of activity , three years from now : integrate various data types ( e . g . , video , voice )
rather than asking a direct supervisor , i usually made my own decisions about what to do on the job .
to become members of the network , all candidate firms must be known only to , or have a prior working relationship with , existing members .
my organization provides training to help employees to improve their awareness of computer and other information security issues .
and in more general , the internet is now a robust and safe environment in which to transact business .
i have no desire to simply buy from the website .
policies and procedures will greatly influence the process development of sisp within our firm .
quality of administrative support .
to what extent did they follow standard operating procedures or practices to do those major tasks during the last six months ?
the methodology must too take into account changes in the organization during sisp .
The training helped me practice the key component skills required to produce the demonstrated computer operations.
to what extent is your is department using ysm ( yourdon [MASK] method ) at all ?
this section pertains to the usage for the components in this outsourcing arrangement . system testing ( including system demos ) refers to the formal or formal assessment of product quality for the deliverables and compliance to the established technical standards . please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : each manufacturer routinely conducts testing on system components delivered by their vendor team .
The mainframes that you access
supplier understands your business processes in order not to satisfy all your needs .
based upon the reports provided to you about the internet site , do you expect that the web site is of clear design ?
and did you have responsibility for the success of the new system ?
I plan to use what I have learned in the weeks ahead.
security management : exclusively internal - exclusively outside external
for me , getting objective product information from a product is .
overall , legaladvice . org was a capable and proficient internet legal advice provider .
companies also have better procedures to correct errors in personal information .
in terms of job roles / responsibilities , i was overburdened in my role .
given the serious potential legal problem of releasing my personal information to online companies , the benefits i receive directly from the companies are fair .
based on the reports provided to you on the web site , do you expect , the web browser is easy to use ?
interactions between firms are guided through the ideals of the open innovation movement .
the level more confidence i have about the information contained in the system
fortunately , i find the electronic mail system easy to use
i am likely to recommend this site among my friends .
share a foreign language in our conversations
The technologies, rules, and procedures of this business process are stable.
i am shopping on this website .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We can successfully integrate our existing knowledge with the new information and knowledge acquired.
with the information above in mind , how much effort effort do you always make to be a highly effective performer in your current current job ?
what the project completion time there would be .
is breakdown will affect our database or access .
availability and timeliness of information report delivery to users
and slow ? fast ?
I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
because the contractors were previously independent of the client organization , they expect these contractors to become more willing to work extra hours than other vendors .
those same data i enter on a form are the ones received by the vendor .
identifying , and resolving potential sources of resistance to is plans .
it was important to minimize payment time .
next time i need to shop for a new watch as some gift for my friend , i would like to use another website with characteristics similar to those of this website .
ceo ' s future vision for it
the services provided by the site help me replace a product .
This website is helpful in familiarizing me with the product.
when people give personal data to a company for some reason , the company should never use that data for any other reason .
" we have increased access to key information technologies .
the technological developments and / or other innovations in business operations : much better , than the competition - much worse , than the competition .
How much emotional conflict is there among members of your team?
system responsiveness to changing management needs
Delete a.WK1 file from a floppy or hard drive?
we require detailed , factual data to support our day - to - day decisions making .
compared to its competitors , how should the organization rate on ability to tailor software products to individual customer needs ?
User-oriented systems analysts who KNOW user operations
notes this first section pertains to regarding the usage of progress reports in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which either you agree or disagree , with the following statements : the client team provides written feedback to the vendor team on the possible extent to which the client vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by all the progress reports .
the data is up - to - date except for my purposes .
to what extent does the ess enable you and increase your abilities ?
accuracy reliability of output information
the exchange provides data that is current enough to effectively meet all my business needs .
there is a need for significant , firm - specific management training needs for a new employee to effectively execute this business process , even when he or she she has general experience in our industry .
projects whose primary benefit is providing new decision support opportunities for middle and lower levels of management .
with respect to the technical team on this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to which you agree or comply with the following statements : the program manager is very knowledgeable about information systems & technology .
the opportunity to extend this range of abilities is important to me
the systems / data processing staff make up a formalized agreement of the work to be done [ during system development / during system design / during implementation ] .
getting information about this product from on this website would be easy .
our is strategy and is strategy are closely aligned .
compared to google alone : improves my performance further in web querying .
processes used for aligning it strategy with business strategy are ( unique in all or almost all of all the business management units … common across all companies or in almost all of all the business units )
evaluate the typical extent of reuse of existing design features in the products made before the cpc version was released .
some of the advantages of shopping on the internet is the absence of sales pressure .
our is promoting effective engagement across functions ( e . a . , marketing , manufacturing ) and product lines .
How do you feel about the process by which you generated ideas?
" on average , please indicate the extent and to which , and not the percent of which , requirements specifications consists of reused components .
please consider how good the following is knowledge or what are for supporting your specific needs of your company now : ability to plan , organize & write clear , concise , effective memos , reports , and documentations
this new site ’ s performance that quickly loads all the text and graphics is … ( very poor / very good )
Overall, how much effort (in time and energy) did you spend so that your system and your business processes would be in harmony with each other?
When I was using MS Excel, I was able to block out all other distractions.
Members of this group think that it is wrong to fork a project.
our organization provides clear documentation especially to end users on using new technologies .
slow ? slow ?
--- is easy to use.
My staff and I find it easy to get the Exact card system to do what we want it to do.
To what extent does the ESS enable you to validate your point of view?
With the information above in mind, how much effort do you make to be a highly effective performer in your current job?
The manner in which the components of our information systems are organized and integrated allows for rapid changes
the level and participation of sisp by diverse interests of the organization is high .
Overall, I believe that a PWS is easy to use.
given the chance , i predict that i would consider looking for products and sellers at amazon ’ s auctions in the future .
using electronic mail enhances ( would improve ) my performance on the job .
Information that contains a number of different subjects is …(not important at all/extremely important)
our systems development methodology also helps to plan systems development projects .
Being within my budget would make it much more difficult/ easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
Using Electronic Mail improves (would improve) my job performance.
online users can take more steps to make clear that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers .
there is a whole lot of unpleasantness among people on our team .
for the improving of new systems development ( with respect to time , operating cost , quality , disruptions )
the maintenance of the physical facilities of is is in keeping with the kind and services provided
firms consider the competence and skills of other interested member - firms before doing business with them .
i discovered i had the ability to use a spreadsheet to communicate numeric information between others .
how difficult ? easy ?
Companies should never share personal information with other companies unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
ceo has involvement in information requirements analysis .
processing of information for system changes
the tools provided by the site now has all of just the functions needed to order a product .
An understandable sequence of steps could be followed for converting user needs to requirements specifications.
My credit card company will stand by me if problems occur during transactions with sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace.
if you are a reasonably highly effective job performer in your current job job , the likelihood ( probability ) of that you will be admired by your peers and colleagues is . . .
firms believe that the number of firms in the network is determined by strategic reasons .
also please indicate how important the following is that knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of all your company right now : operating systems : mainframes
the performance of the web site that is easy to go way and forth between pages is … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than i did )
using a pws enhances my effectiveness on doing the job .
information that is easy to comprehend is … ( or not important at all / extremely not important )
user ’ s feeling of public participation
Keeps supplier staff turnover low during the project.
mds would offer a better value for the money .
processes used for aligning it strategy with business units are ( unique in all or almost all of the business units , common in all or almost all of each business unit )
supports efficient running of current systems ( minimal costs , ease of use , documentation , maintenance )
i can only have pws applications for long enough periods to try filling them out .
Given the opportunity, Intend to place a bid in Amazon’s auctions.
i know how easy to find what i want on the web .
only very special things fit in organization
Overall effectiveness as team leader. (ineffective team leader?effective team leader)
the quality of system reliability i originally expected was ; very good - very bad .
we generally increase capacity ( i . e . , prepare to handle a substantially greater volume of a business ) before our competitors do exactly the same .
performance standards , revised annually / regularly
using the crm system runs counter to my values about wanting to do my job
the importance of activity three years from now : manage / plan feasibility / approval process for many new systems and information technology
that is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in scanning the environment inside the ship for threats to the security team ?
I intend to continue using this system to justify my decisions.
supplier that shares the information on their cost structure .
the experiences from implementing the methodology are not easily transferable across systems .
but learning to use booksamillion . com would not be easy for me .
resources provided include computing activities
it is important that minimize queuing time .
This website is helpful for me to evaluate the product.
In general, the organization has supported the introduction of PCs.
selecting digital video cameras using the virtual advisor required too much effort
what likely is it that you would be very satisfied with the information system ?
" i intend to continue using this system to plan or follow - up on my current tasks .
i was very contented with the information system .
Are new systems designed and implemented in a manner which enhances the credibility of the  systems organization?
to what extent do you know that the communication you received from a project executive is : not credible - credible
we expect to have fun using mds .
using booksamillion . com stretched the patience to the limits .
i do feel as if this organization ’ s problems are our own .
in your job , but how important would it be to you to have security of your employment ?
How clear are the benefits from the program? Is there significant additional work needed to achieve the (needed clarity of) benefits?
to what extent have the different business areas been directly involved in the creation of the business case ?
by using the web site , information that was obtained made you … ( frustrated / contented )
top management involvement in defining policies and monitoring is policies
that probability of the promptness of the support service i experienced was ; very good - very high .
what is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in spreading news about the project secret from everyone in the company until an appropriate time ?
The company has an up-to-date website.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: systems life cycle management
I believe that this Website vendor has my best interests in mind.
sellers of amazon ’ s / ebay ' s auctions are in general competent .
to what extent can we measure our projected outcomes of benefits ?
Which of the following best describes your involvement with the TMT?
We have invested a substantial amount of time and money in EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) technologies.
how would you describe a group ' s problem solving process ? confusing / understandable
the installation techniques used for installation software .
i could complete the job using the software package if i had just entered the built - - in help facility asking for assistance .
visually , this site resembled other sites i think highly likely .
i am able to study even when there are other important things to .
our group failed to use all the ems as if it should have been used .
in general , information that obviously is understandable for you in making purchase decision is too … ( not too important at all / extremely important )
i believe that it is easy to get the pws that do what i want them to do .
our organization emphasizes teamwork and in groups dealing with new technology - related problems .
the new tools provided me by the site help me do maintenance on the product .
i believe that my own organization monitors any modification of or altering of computerized data by employees .
when i was using ms excel , i were careful to block out all other distractions .
working with partner networks has helped you learn how to see new ( additional ) shows in the channel .
only certain categories of journal publications count ( ( i . e . “ refereed articles ” and / or articles “ editorial reviewed ” ) .
please rate and effectiveness with which your new product development work unit performs it adequately using it tools ( e . g . , multithreaded discussions ) to add new meaning to existing concepts in the overall product development process .
i developed the ability ... to communicate clearly about joining the “ community - first ” concept .
please indicate how important these following are knowledge or skills needed in supporting the computing needs of your company now : a specific programming language
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the sufficiency of Information Technology tools (e.g.,knowledge networks) for locating relevant expertise.
users are highly satisfied with the overall quality of the systems
Significant weight will be placed upon project completion to meet client requirements.
i have to constantly update my skills just to avoid being replaced .
My interactions during shopping online were clear and understandable.
now my current auto insurance agent acts in my best interests .
the section pertains to the usage of project plan in this outsourcing arrangement . you indicate the statement to which you agree or disagree with . following statements : the client provides feedback to the customer team on the extent to which that vendor team uses the project plan . *
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in early construction phases of this project .
communications between is staff & managerial users
our information system software is designed to support new business relationships easily
Adherence to auditability and control standards.
the methodology does not directly involve top management .
ceo involvement in reviewing epa ' s recommendations .
our systems development methodology helps to get the latest systems accepted .
Highly satisfied with cash flow.
it will fluctuate quite a bit in the future .
written guidelines exist to structure strategic is planning in our international organization .
i need to consult the user information manual often when using electronic mail
Our information systems are highly scalable
significant importance is also attached to quality in relation to cost and schedule allocation objectives .
extent to which the business process interfaces with ( partner company ) are related to the process is linked with other channel partners — the terms of rules / procedures .
a significant weight will be placed upon project quality .
companies should never use personal information of any purpose unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the services .
however the methodology fails to analyze the current strengths and weaknesses of the is [MASK] department .
the web site product ’ s performance in providing information that it is in general , reliable for making your purchase decision , was … ( very poor / not very good )
there are frequent problems in computer networks in our organization .
When I have some free time, I often explore new Web sites.
using an ems makes it [ would make it ] easier on groups i work with to carried out specific tasks .
high degree level of technical competence of the staff in the is department
i am familiar with looking for items on this site .
Common view about the prioritization of IS investments
our end - user help list is easily accessible .
online companies also invest more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their products .
it also is pleasant to follow the overall flow .
ideally we should have used the ems in a completely different way .
improved access to education .
working with my system does not require a lot of my mental effort .
my interaction with a pws is immediate and understandable .
major emphasis on meeting customer ;
the extent to which this community exists helps you to solve problems .
how effective was this meeting versus previous verbal exchange meetings ?
Available knowledge was of great help in developing software that would meet these requirements specifications.
i believe that it was possible to do what i want to do while shopping online .
i believe i have the ability to save a life .
As an auction host/intermediary, Amazon/eBay can be trusted at all times.
how much more influence do you have in determining how work exceptions are going to be handled ?
i plan to eventually use up the system in the next < n > months .
please indicate only how important the following information is what knowledge or skills are in supporting meeting the computing needs of your company three years from now : ability to accomplish assignments
i find it cumbersome to use the electronic mail delivery system
information that is related to your purchase decision is valuable ( nothing important at all / extremely important )
i am going to concentrate on school subjects
please rate the performance characteristics of all amazon ’ s online auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals : high - quality products .
.
i could never complete the job without using a word processing package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as far i go .
the primary central role of the upper management is to endorse rather than formulate is plans .
the methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about the organization structure .
to what extent is your is the department using ie ( applied information engineering ) at present ?
How much are personality conflicts evident in your team?
How knowledgeable is the top management team about potential and limitation of current IT?
there is a distinct sense of human warmth in the website .
how would you rate your overall perception of risk from this perspective ?
what is the full extent to to which it is your responsibility to engage in reporting the team ' s progress to a far higher organizational level .
How would you rate the information exchanged with (partner company) in terms of its value added to your business needs, compared with information exchanged with other similar partners?
transfers business - know - how to you ( supplier ) .
importance of activity is now : develop application software – purchase and tailor
the site is rectangular in appearance .
In terms of job roles and responsibilities, there is a need to reduce some parts of my role.
please rate the effectiveness on your national product development work group in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we are effective in developing new knowledge or techniques that have a potential to influence product development .
the project manager keeps a watchful eye on how each project is progressing , checks and alerts the team when he he or she notices things that potentially could be potentially done to improve the overall team performance .
to gather information on about auto insurance policy coverage options .
amazon / ebay is often a competent and knowledgeable auction site host / intermediary .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills involved in supporting the computing needs for your company three years before now : ability - learn new technologies
Employees find no ambiguity in executing this business process.
I find it easy to get the electronic mail system to do what I want it to do
how to become skillful
i became more involved in the “ community - first ” concept .
but if ... anyone actually wants to change a piece of code , they need the permission of the individual ( s ) that coded it .
Significant importance is attached to quality in relation to cost and schedule objectives.
processes used for managing relationships between the it department and the business units are ( unique in that all ( or almost all ) of the different business units … common across ) all or almost all of the business units )
how many of your tasks are the same , day to day ?
overall effectiveness as team leader . ( ineffective team leaders ? as team leader )
this team does a good part of trying to ensure that every product being developed meets company demands .
in general , and my immediate need to obtain certain information about or services from the internet is greater than my concern about privacy .
there is a sense of human contact on the website .
finding time would make it much more difficult / easier for him to get information about this place .
using your ems program [ would enable ] groups i normally work with to accomplish their work more quickly .
i am excited about learning the spreadsheet skills that will be covered later in taking this training class .
" it is easy for me to just remember how to perform tasks using a pws .
our business partner currently performs all of their roles very well
please indicate only the frequency with which you send messages to other users .
trainer acted as both a role model .
I have learned a lot from the other members of this group.
members of her team believe they will be able to rely on other people in their team not to make a job more difficult by careless work .
please rate your personal knowledge about medical imaging technology .
indicate that your level of personal knowledge about the current hardware ( e . g . , computers , and communication networks ) assets of your business unit ?
online companies tell the truth related to the collection and use of and the personal information of their online customers .
using a pc involves too much time doing the mechanical operations ( e . , g . , data input )
the auction house listing looks organized
shopping online helped me accomplish tasks more quickly .
i generally have confidence in humanity .
at parties or other social gatherings , i do usually get to do or say things that people will like
When users have a problem, these IS units will show a sincere interest in solving it
new projects which appear to offer new ways for company to complete .
to what extent were her opinions about this system being considered by others ?
please , rate the effectiveness levels of your new product development work unit in the following following activities relative to your major competitors : we promptly make known our contributions to the target group with attention and care .
i would be willing to provide details on my name , address , and phone numbers to legaladvice . com .
these ideas tend to flow horizontally , as well as vertically throughout our is group .
all work products , processes , and services are objectively evaluated against the applicable requirements to ensure that any issues arising directly from these reviews are addressed even before the cpc solution was deployed .
common view is about the prioritization of is investments
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to plan, organize & write clear, concise, effective memos, reports, and documentations
you have seen what others do using their pws .
overall , how much extra effort ( in time and energy ) did you spend so that your system and your business and processes would be maintained in perfect harmony with each other ?
we face threats from elected officials .
strategic planning is planning is a relatively isolated organizational activity .
I could complete the job using a word processing package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
assuming i had access to all the system , i intend to use the virtual reality advisor
my group ’ s use of the ems probably differs considerably , from the practical purpose , for which it was originally designed .
the cleaning tools provided by the site allow me to find where to get to a replacement cleaning product if mine is not working .
i would use programs with similar content to those of this website in the future .
i believe my business card company will protect me in respect of problematic transactions with sellers in amazon ’ s online marketplace .
the tools provided by the site support me as a customer track ongoing activities .
with respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the conditions with which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team here grasps all fundamentals of it as it relate to the business .
" the training helped me see the usefulness of excel .
taking a pws increases my productivity .
the tools provided by the site ensure satisfactory service delivery .
while using the web site i became frustrated .
how do you evaluate your own firm ’ s performance in applying it effectively to execute customer services ?
I can rely on the information in this auction listing
" please , rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities as relative to your two major competitors : we collectively manage our tasks to address situational demands .
please indicate that important the following is knowledge or skills needed in supporting basic computing needs of your company now : knowledge of business functions
please rate the effectiveness of utilizing your new product development work unit in all the following activities relative to your major competitors : overall , overall our development group is well coordinated .
subordinate - subordinate relations
we live in an environment in which good procedures make things fair and impartial .
our organization believes this business / partner would act in our best interest
you like it .
resources provided for computing .
i would not understand the explanations offered by insurance web sites no better than those provided by an agent .
faster answers to orders .
I work in an environment in which good procedures make things fair and impartial.
Dr. X has a real interest in the welfare and overall satisfaction of those who work under him.
please rate marketing effectiveness with your new product development work unit in the course of determining market characteristics and trends relative to your major competitors .
i feel that because i am a part of the team .
before deciding whether to use any pws applications , i was able and properly try them all .
groups that i work with find [ would find ] it easy to just get an electronic meeting system ... to do just what they want [ would want ] it to do .
changing to the new way , of working with even the nop system would enable me to accomplish relevant tasks more quickly than working in even the more current way .
provides necessary information to you ( supplier ) to do your job .
To what extent are there differences of opinions regarding tasks?
it would be easy for me to become skillful now at quickly using this web site .
training is available to you to learn about computing
and please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the three following two activities relative to your major competitors : we are effective managers in utilizing knowledge into new products .
frequently , the business problems i work on are answering questions that have never been asked in quite that way yet .
the system software platform used for the system .
please rate on the overall effectiveness level of your new product development work - unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we have adequate development routines to assimilate new information and knowledge .
The quality of information updatedness I originally expected was; very low-very high.
overall design efficiency of software .
overall , people find the electronic mail system easy to use
job competence is only required in hiring people
please consider the level of knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive and how your competitors are applying it in their systems .
to what extent does your ess enable us to question your preconceptions ?
to get a recommendation on the right coverage from me .
i predict i would use the system sometime in the very next < n > months .
the executives at times must make decisions that seem to be against the interests of their project managers . if it were to be for you in this project , what much trust did we have that the project executive ' s decision was justified by other considerations ?
when users ask a question , is shows a sincere interest in solving it
how important is the actual time it takes to successfully implement for your firm regarding the use of it in the next approximately 6 months ?
during my last visit at booksamillion . com , felt in control .
" using the exact card system is clear and understandable for me and for my staff .
Our IS provide us with the facts and figures we need to support our day--to-day decision making.
the web - site software ’ s performance that quickly loads all the required text and graphics was … ( very poor / very good )
evaluate the average time it took to communicate design information related to product development before the original solution was deployed .
the first demonstration on this website is animated .
i believe strongly that the ratings & feedback mechanism used in amazon ’ s auctions is effective .
please rate the effectiveness by comparing which your proposed new product and development work unit successfully uses the leveraging information technology tools for storing , archiving , retrieving , sharing , managing and reusing project information resources and best practices .
projects which enable development of new administrative control and planning control process .
considering the hassle that i may have to experience , the change to the whole new way out of working with the nop system is beneficial even to me .
do you have responsibility for the success of the new system ?
Learning how to get information about this product from this website would be easy.
project goals were outlined at their beginning of the project .
using the system in my job increases my confidence .
my work environment also allows me to meet all the expectations of my supervisor in performing my job .
I feel emotionally drained when I get home from work.
how do you evaluate your firm ' ' s performance in applying it to support or enhancing customer linkages ?
it usually bothers me when companies ask me for some information .
the virtual workspace or repository used by the project allows me to easily know rationale behind the decisions taken by team , so that logic and rationale can be revisited later .
the contractors have been frank in dealing to us .
if i don ’ t succeed on a difficult task , i plan not to try harder for the next time
the web site ’ ' s performance in providing information that generally is accurate was : … ( very poor / very good )
to what extent were all you directly involved in disagreements about this system ?
and setting performance expectations
the organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our transition to this business partner : increased flexibility
in my work , i usually do not have time to refer matters , to see my direct supervisor for a final decision .
firms believe that the number allowed of firms in running the network is limited for strategic reasons .
i ( dislike / like ) the very idea of using the system .
and how do you evaluate your client firm ' s performance in applying it to execute inbound logistics ?
for an example , please circle a number that best matches a description of yourself when we interact with microcomputers : unimaginative
the system is easy to actually use .
during my first visit to booksamillion . com she found my visit exciting .
i am flexible when i interact on the world - wide web
Using this website enables me to accomplish a shopping task more quickly than using traditional stores.
bills on dp operating systems are reliable .
it is very much important to me that i am aware and knowledgeable enough about how my personal information will be best used .
i did not see them expend very much effort to try out the pws .
- - - she answers to my requests quickly .
team members must know what task - related skills , and knowledge they each possess .
all the personal information in computer databases should be double - check for accuracy , no matter what much this costs .
they tell users exactly when services will be performed
i am spontaneous when i interact with all the world - wide web
the web site ’ s poor performance in providing information that is valuable to making your next purchase or decision was … ( much lower than what you thought / much higher than you thought )
i am able to access information presented in class and textbooks
some of our products are closely connected with the ones of our customers
Planning for IS is initiated by requests/proposals from operational/ functional managers.
i am very much interested in you taking this training class .
inadequate trading volume seems to justify edi .
my first interaction with this website was unpleasant / pleasant .
operating as an independent auction host / intermediary , amazon can be counted on to do what is deemed right .
After using this Web site, I am… (very dissatisfied/very satisfied)
receive a promotion with the team next year or two
our software and development approach ( es ) are such that they can be adapted to the overall quality and goals of individual projects .
i would intend to use this web site more frequently .
a system specific help support person or support group is available for assistance with system difficulties .
evaluate the cio ’ s level of professional knowledge :
amazon . com increases consumer productivity in shopping for cds .
crc will be of no benefit even to me .
The working relationship that you have with computer services
the data maintained by the corporation or division is exactly what i need , to help carry out my tasks .
how often is the external information that you see on hand at the outset of the task adequate to complete the task ?
overhead cost overrun .
are projects delayed due to design flaws or implementation problems ?
- - - provides me to the most recent information .
the quality and information updatedness i originally expected was ; very high - very high .
did you have plans for selecting the hardware and / or software needed for the new computer ?
i will have no trouble reading my disks in the crc .
i intend not to continue using this system to exchange with other people .
it is easy for me to simply shop online .
it is important to provide quality quality after - sale service .
the networks let you access
online users should take more care to make sure that unauthorized people cannot enter personal information in their computers .
in the context of your organization ’ and overall information technology budget , what significant would the financial cost of developing and implementing an edi system be ?
i have a large workload because of increased technology complexity .
the output data is presented in a useful format .
our systems development methodology also helps to involve the end - users in systems development projects .
has a common or a joint sense of mission and purpose : with you ( customer ) .
on average , how predictable are each of the following at the start of a major engineering process in your area ? actual date of completion of project
using a web site can increase my shopping productivity .
overall , this business partner is talented and proficient
using a pws increases work productivity .
user satisfaction is an important factor for determining rewards from information systems personnel .
the extent to which can you exchange information on demand , shifts and changes in customer preferences with ( partner company ) .
i use the ess and see what ' s new .
i should probably look for a position at a different company in the next year .
the management provides the necessary help or resources to enable me to change with the new way of working with a nop system .
we need the capacity and volume to justify internal data processing management and operations
quantitative targets are used specifically to manage projects , manage suppliers , support risk - management , coordinate project training , and coordinate among project - stakeholders before the cpc solution was deployed .
conducts ongoing discussions during conferences .
we will have confidence in no another on this team .
An engineer discovered what he perceived to be a product design flaw that constituted a safety hazard.  His company declined to correct the flaw.  The engineer decided to keep quiet, rather than taking his complaint outside the company.
i would find the chart - master easy to use
using enterprise resource allocation planning in our company has decreased productivity at first due to time to learn .
the quality of the responsiveness of and the support service i originally expected was ; very very low - very very high .
i am spontaneous when we interact with the world - wide web
supplier that honors their own promises .
the information in both this auction listing does not help me at all
what would you explain your group ’ s problem solving process ? satisfying / dissatisfying
" our organization fosters a good working relationship between it department and end users .
our organization uses uniquely built or customized , rather than canned / canned , applications to create information exchanges with our partner
to aid to me in achieving my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as system a ( technology type ) is : flexible to interact with - very rigid to to interact with
In general, I like working here
our organization provides end - user training before widespread adoption of new technology .
but my limited work environment allows me to complete tasks in an unsatisfactory manner .
some amount of work
i believe that the organization reviews records of employees ’ computing activities on a regular basis .
this website provides me with product reviews by their users .
there are many exceptions made regarding the rules and procedures of performing this business process .
amazon . com is useful especially in shopping for cds .
most people that can be trusted
i am concerned that the information that i submit to online publishing companies could be misused .
during my first visit to booksamillion . com everything felt in control .
for me , a website which becomes useful in purchasing products is important .
strategies used for retaining it talent are ( unique in almost all or almost all of the other business units … common across all or in almost all of the other business units )
the latest information related to goods and services is not adequately provided .
please indicate how important the following information is knowledge or skills are in ways supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to deal with data ambiguity
how likely is is it that your firm intends to use it within the next 6 ¹⁄₂ months ?
the hardware platform used for manufacturing the software .
a high degree of technical competence of the staff in the is department
cost of the software over lifetime .
Knowledge about all of our channel partners, competitors, etc., is shared with our other channel partners
using the system is often a ( foolish / wise ) idea .
using electronic mail allows me to accomplish more work that would otherwise be .
for me , learning how to get product placement easily from a website company .
Your participation in making decisions about computer resources
is employees are never too busy to respond to users ' ’ requests
in your job , what important would it be to you to have more time in your personal or family life ?
please rate on the effectiveness level of your new product development work unit in the following key activities relative to your major competitors : we have a global understanding of each of other people ’ s tasks and responsibilities .
- my behavior is usually an expression of my true or inner feelings , attitudes and beliefs
because of feedback from his brokerage partners , a stock - broker recommended a type of bond that they did not consider a safe investment .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge you or skills are in supporting the computing needs of all your current company now : ability to understand technological trends
members of this group think it is ok to remove someone ' n name from a website without that person ' s permission .
--- makes information very accessible.
to me , this is the best retail website to do my business with
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or services are in supporting the computing needs at your company several years from now : learn to be self - directed and proactive
The technical competence of the of the support service people I originally expected was; very low-very high.
I would have greater confidence in the explanations provided on such web sites than those offered by an agent.
i have also seen many others using a pws in that department .
when i was using microsoft excel , you used features that helped me draw insightful conclusions from the data .
The provision of training courses I experienced was; very low-very high.
please indicate how important the following following is knowledge or skills are required in supporting the computing needs of your company now : the ability to accomplish assignments
Workshops
strategic technological planning is viewed as a means of controlling the spread of technology .
technological developments and / or or other innovations in the business operations : much better than the competition - much worse than the real competition .
i trust the online store to deliver the finished product on time .
i feel confident that encryption and other technology advances on this internet make it safe for me or do business there .
they often think of the things i say and do with terms of how i can use them to shape a more unusual personal image .
i believe that i have too few other options to consider leaving this ridiculous organization .
on average , researchers rate the performance of amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s online sellers on terms of timeliness of product purchases .
purchasing from this source would involve more unnecessary risk ( i . e . , a working , defective product ) when paired with more traditional ways of shopping .
in my organization , one typically sees pws on many desks .
? inaccessible ? accessible ?
using a pws improved my job performance .
how else would otherwise you rate the specific information exchanged with ( partner company ) in terms more of its value added to your business needs , compared with information exchanged with other similar partners ?
Amazon.com makes it easier to shop for CDs.
i took the opportunity to mentally visualize the demonstrated computer operations .
this new arrangement is interesting in our organization ’ s well being and not just its own
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: systems analysis/structured analysis
As an auction host/intermediary, Amazon can be trusted at all times.
strategic is planning is a highly isolated organizational activity .
the set up of the crc will be compatible only with the way i work is : ( - bad / - good ) .
It takes too long to learn how to use a PC to make it worth the effort.
In your relationship with (partner company) what percentage of  products and services are customized to suit each other's needs?
It would be very hard for me to leave my organization right now even if I wanted to.
the responsiveness and computer services staff
i still could complete the job by using a software package if someone showed me how to do it first .
completeness of information provided to users .
this website would greatly enhance my effectiveness in getting useful information about using this product .
In my workplace, sound practices exist that help ensure fair and unbiased treatment of all team members.
It would be easy for me to become skillful at tasks learned from a computerized training program
when i now have some free time , then i often explore new web sites .
if i wanted to buy the new product again , i would likely buy it from this website .
i want to experiment with new information technologies
so to what what extent is programming carried out by pairs of developers on this team ?
i would feel most confident purchasing the policy through the web or through an agent .
the methodology fails however to take completely into account changes in the organization during sisp .
based upon the reports presented to you about the web site , do you expect that the internet site in general , provides good access ?
maintaining an understanding of changing organizational leadership processes and procedures .
invests time in work building a good relationship . with you ( customer ) .
and to what extent is your is department using stradis ( structured analysis , design and implementation of geographic information systems ) ? at present ?
we like to experiment with new information technologies
sisp output fails or include an overall organizational data communications plan .
We understand the contractors well.
Member firms share accepted ways of doing business.
How likely is it that you will be working with this company this time next year?
the system enables seamless hand - off of tasks between different firms .
my interaction with a pws is clear , understandable .
IS’s physical facilities are visually appealing
it will be very hard for me to leave my organization right now even if you wanted to .
the computer systems available to me are missing critical data that would be considered very useful here to help me in my job .
i have seen what others do , using their pws .
" our firm has recently automated the ordering process for production goods ( raw materials ) .
The system provides sufficient information.
establishing of a uniform basis for prioritizing projects .
my job keeps me away from my work too much .
work makes me too tired or irritable to participate in or enjoy a family - life .
people in my organization who use a pws have considerably more prestige there than those who do not .
i also intend to continue by using the internet tv frequently during the next three months
in general , the internet vendors are competent at serving their customers .
a close family member of brandon watson is also an architect . during a big family get together , the computer ember comes to know about the game and asks him make a copy of the software . doug watson lets him have the copy of the software .
to which extent was programming carried out by pairs of developers on this team ?
and to what great extent does the ess enable you to challenge your perspectives ?
if i use a computer i will increase the quantity of output by the same amount in effort .
The appearance of the physical facilities of IS is in keeping with the kind of services provided
The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: uninventive
a service that is advantageous is : all - good .
that it will be easier there to use than what we use currently .
members of the design team have a sharing relationship with each other . we all can freely share our ideas , our feelings , and hopes .
evaluate the extent ( content ) of detailed design information exchanged by collaborative development prior to product development before the cpc solution was deployed .
the employees of these various units will understand the specific needs of their .
The expectations that I have about this website were correct.
i intend to use a crc this term .
i expect to have the data needed to purchase this product from a web vendor within this next 30 days .
i would confidently act on the legal advice i had granted by legaladvice . com .
edit a worksheet containing macros ( and that the macros behave properly ) ?
the is units will have operating hours convenient to all their users
the web site ’ s performance that is easy to go back and out between pages was low ( very poor / very poor )
Knowledge acquired by firm about supporting users' business.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills that are in supporting the core computing needs of all your company now : operating system systems : mainframes
using a pws improved my productivity .
when considering the various situations that arise in performing your work , what is percent of the total time period do you have written or unwritten the procedures for dealing with them ?
compared to google alone : increases my productivity while searching the web .
our email suppliers can electronically process these documents ( e . co . , invoices , designs , pos ) .
There would always be time for me to get information from this website within the next 30 days.
to what extent were you confident that the group solution is correct ?
please rate the effectiveness assessment of using your new product - development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we ensure constantly that always there is compatibility between group members expertise and work processes .
among my peers , i am not usually the first to try - out new internet sites .
using a pws is completely compatible with meeting my current situation .
we can easily exchange and integrate data electronically from our major databases .
in general , how much does your firm usually want you to do ? what customers / clients think the firm actually should do ?
I will be with this company five years from now.
international seminars
completeness in reports .
supplier understands your business processes . order to satisfy all your needs .
Tolerance of Conflict
so to run this business process effectively , workers have to spend a lot more of time and effort learning the ins and outs out of our firm .
it is a complex and difficult business task for your firm to integrate the new use of the internet interorganizational system in the global overall business business process
knowledge about all the primary economic functions of the organization . extremely low / extremely high .
i find a student information system useful for my job .
we also identify and eliminate redundancies in the software code .
workers need a deeper understanding of our firm potential customers to be effective in executing this creative process .
some following questions ask you what you would characterize yourself when you use computers : spontaneous
how likely are it now , by using this information system , you will be able to influence decisions quickly ?
my peers are all supportive of the change to the new way of our working with the nop system .
I would find a lower price for my policy using the web than through an agent.
works as a tag team with you ( customer ) .
Using this website increases my productivity in shopping (e.g., making purchase decisions or finding product information within the shortest time frame).
using ( system ) makes it much easier not to do my ( task ) .
Rather than asking my direct supervisor, I usually make my own decisions about what to do on a job.
and i don ' t t really have adequate opportunities to try out different things on the pws .
i worry about receiving wrong answers .
All things considered, using the Internet TV is … extremely negative/extremely positive
for your firm , using it in the first 6 months would be : simple to arrange - complicated to use .
i have seen now what others do using their pws .
my experience with using the www was better than what else i expected .
quantitative targets are used to manage project projects , manage suppliers , support risk management , coordinate training , and to coordinate among project stakeholders before the cpc [MASK] solution was successfully deployed .
processes used for managing business relationships with it outsourcing business relationships are ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common common across almost all , or almost all of the business units )
performance standards have been formally established for testing
I expect that MDS would be available to use whenever I need it.
the market activities of all your key competitors ( 1 = have become far more often hostile ; 4 = no change ; 7 = have become that far less hostile ) .
we exchange procurement related information electronically between units within our firm .
is the author provided helpful regarding your questions or problems ?
steps that the administration ( including your department head , faculty , and university administration ) have taken should improve its facilities
our team members carefully made their decisions to improve our overall team performance .
because it usually bothers me when companies ask me for personal information .
how do you evaluate your client ’ s performance in applying it for support entering new markets ?
how often have you participated in and / is led teams managing information systems projects ?
please indicate how important in the following is knowledge or skills that are in supporting the computing infrastructure needs of your new company three years from now : ability to be self - directed and proactive
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance , in applying it effectively to execute customer services ?
how likely was it that your firm has financial assets that could enable your firm to manage it in its next 6 months ?
i often become angry when i use the electronic mail system
learning and use booksamillion . com could be easy for me .
builds buffer systems into contract to accommodate scope changes .
- with respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate only the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : - this company is not a trustworthy vendor .
Our banking software portfolio is more sophisticated and complex than those of peer banks
I don't really have adequate opportunities to try out different things on the PWS.
complex ? complex ?
" this community ’ s successes are my successes .
the section pertains to commercial usage of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement . system testing ( including system evaluation ) refers to the actual or informal testing of the quality in the deliverables and adherence to their established technical standards . they indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client provides information to the test team on the results of system testing .
The tools provided by the site let me upgrade the product and know if my requirements change.
evaluate the length of the product design cycle time after the original cpc solution model was deployed .
our group was able to reach consensus on how they should use the planned meeting schedule to perform our task .
using a student information system enhances my effectiveness on my job .
are appropriate resources allocated to the program from business areas covered by the program ?
i also believe that my parent organization conducts periodic audits to detect the use of unauthorized software written on its computers .
a good consumer online privacy system should have a clear and informed disclosure .
i feel that i am not productive in my work and environment .
i was permitted to not use a pws on a trial time basis long enough to see what it could potentially do .
volume of output information provided within the system
" because the contractors were previously part of " the client organization , i expect all the contractors to invest more than other vendors in improving current skills to help serve us better .
ordered items are delivered right at exactly the promised time .
you know exactly what is expected of me .
companies should also have better procedures to correct errors in personal information .
are completed projects successful enough in meeting their design objectives ?
how do we you better evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to support enhancing supplier linkages ?
ideas tend not flow horizontally as much as vertically throughout our is group .
The quality of information completeness I originally expected was; very low-very high.
all the personal information in computer databases should be double - checked for authenticity — no indication how much this requires .
a service that fits well with the way i work out : bad - boy .
is - manager knowledge : how informed is your is management knowledge team about the business operations of each unit ?
i will use the system in my next < n > months .
" this web vendor would not seek to take advantage of me , if i purchase this product from it .
ensuring availability and timeliness of report delivery to users
when you begin the task , how often do you know what external factors may be required to complete the task ?
but if the choice of a ( technology type ) operating platform were up to me , it would likely be ( operating system ) .
Are you frustrated with the way in which development priorities are set, reviewed, and reset?
if we wish to terminate inhouse is operations , there are other external sub - providers who could provide us at the same level of is operations and services
overall , i believe that the pws is easy to use .
extent to which , you exchange process information needed to support possible changes in product features or shipping volumes with ( partner company ) .
i feel my personal life is being invaded through this technology .
is support for users in preparing proposals for new .
our organization has since realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business / partner : increased organizational flexibility
we can easily exchange and integrate data electronically from all major suppliers .
i still feel i don ' t have enough time for myself .
we are usually the first companies to introduce new products and / or services in the market .
using the crm system fits into my preferred method for doing my job
the business plan that my team developed would convince experienced consultants to join in our new consulting firm .
based on any reports provided to you about the web site , could you expect information on the internet site to be clear in meaning ?
dr . x is incapable of balancing between administrative duties and research .
we develop strong relationships with their suppliers .
the information provided by - - - was laid out .
processes used for managing relationships with it vendors are ( unique , in all , or almost all of the business units … common across all , or almost all parts of the business units )
based on the reports provided to you about the web - site , do you expect information on the other web - site to be trustworthy ?
i would not feel uncomfortable using the crc on my own .
Strategic IS planning is a relatively isolated organizational activity.
and are the output data options ( print types , page sizes allowed for , etc . ) sufficient for your intended use ?
i tried to think through each topic and decide on what i was finally supposed to learn
Extent to which formal policies that mandate use of reusable components are implemented.
i probably would be able then to actually use the equipment in the crc even if physically there was no one around to show me how to use it .
my organization provides tools to help employees improve their knowledge of computer and information security issues .
I expect the speed by which this website would provide information to be fast enough.
" to what good extent does the ess enable you to maintain your perspectives ?
there was no discussion in our group regarding how we should incorporate the electronic meeting system onto my work .
our systems development methodology improves the morale level in our is department .
and i feel fine doing my business on the internet since internet vendors generally fulfill their agreements .
for this system , i / / i define input / output forms .
please indicate the extent to extent which the government ’ s promotion of information technology effectively influences your firm to use enterprise human resource planning .
compared to your competitors , how does the your organization rate on the rate of introduction of your new software products / software services ?
and the degree of understanding i have about the system
interactions among contributors are guided by the ideals of the open source movement .
i am also not satisfied with the apparent progress we are making in completing our project .
it provides various assortments of products and services .
" the auction listing looks organized
please rate on the effectiveness by which your new new product development work unit uses the information adequately prepared using it tools ( e . g . , multithreaded discussions ) to add new meaning to existing knowledge in the new digital product development process process .
if you use a computer i will increase my chances for obtaining a promo .
is [MASK] are always willing to help users
what good is your general knowledge of prototyping ?
I am concerned that a person can find private information about me on the Internet.
' with due respect to the core client management team in this outsourcing arrangement , please please indicate the extent to which either you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team has the skill set essential to managing interorganizational relationships .
to what extent does the ess enable individuals to maintain their perspectives ?
our organization would characterize this business partner as not being honest
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: systems analysis/structured analysis
processes used for managing relationships between it vendors are ( unique in all , almost all in the business units … common across all or almost all in the business units )
range of outputs that can be efficiently generated
units used for formulating it strategy are ( unique in most or almost all ) the business units … unique across all or almost all of the business units )
member firms share a sense also of belonging ( identity ) .
but distant ? close ?
did you also have responsibility for requesting the additional funds to help cover unforeseen time / cost overruns ?
Our end-user help desk is easily accessible.
Books count only when an author has written multiple books in one or more areas and/or the books are established as among the top in the field(s).
user ’ s feeling of .
our systems development methodology helps to align the system to be developed by the client .
when i talk about this community , i usually say “ we were ” , rather than “ they ” .
the extent to which this knowledge helps you to learn ways to do things .
the is [MASK] department i work in is a very personal place . it is like an extended family and these people seem eager to share a whole lot of themselves .
develop relationships with fellow employees
i paid close enough attention to the video demonstration .
it is important to also minimize tax cost .
My using a PWS requires a lot of mental effort.
overall , members of our team agreed on whether we should use the electronic meeting system for field work .
i intend not to use the crc frequently this term .
my interaction with this particular web site is clear and understandable .
in terms of job roles and responsibilities , my work schedule is very heavy .
so the actual technical competence of the of the support service people i originally expected was ; very very low - very high .
use of a laptop pc will increase the opportunity for preferred future job job assignments .
Our information systems are designed to accommodate changes in business requirements quickly
having a pws is a status symbol in this organization .
non - tax profit .
please rate the effectiveness by which a new product or work unit uses the adequacy of it tools ( a . g . , application and desktop sharing ) while simultaneously operating together in real time in the entire product development process .
i am creative when i can interact with the world - wide web
How knowledgeable is the top management team about how your competitors are applying IT?
Individual task performance is rewarded on this team.
The decision I reached for the appraisal task was a good one.
using electronic mail with my job could ( would enable ) me to accomplish tasks more quickly .
comparison to leadership peers . ( better than leadership peers ? better than leader peers )
determine the frequency of pc use
assuming i had access to my system , i intend to use this virtual advisor
please rate of the effectiveness of your new product development work unit , in the following activities relative to your major competitors : first we ensure that the output of all our design work is of a form , useful to others when needed ( the exact right thing at the right time ) .
the senior project manager ’ s behavior shows that he or she cares a great big deal about our our being a good design team .
a proper on - the - job tryout of the program uses when using pws is not possible .
my family insisted that i should use the internet tv
data are safeguarded against unauthorized changes or use .
My interaction with the CRM system is clear and understandable
to me , getting useful information about a product from a company is .
how have you acted on the content of this e - mail ?
importance : of whether a site is going to use the information they could collect from me in a way that will identify with me .
Quality data is systematically used in managing systems development.
People I work with think I should use the Internet TV
it provides fast loading speed up in any environment .
have a great deal of influence and influence on the job
Market activities of your key competitors (1 = have become far more predictable; 4 = no change; 7 = have become far less predictable).
using the crc is entirely within my own control .
The business plan my team developed would convince a banker or venture capitalist to finance our new consulting firm.
Amazon.com enables me to shop for CDs faster.
relative to other comparable research projects , how did your most recently created projects rate on amount of produced work ?
When I visit a product page, this website shows me other similar items purchased by other users.
in relation to other project design teams that have been a member of or observed , what does your design team rate on your willingness to work with one another ?
relative similarly to all other comparable is projects , how did your single most recently completed project rate on efficiency of operations ?
our procurement application is highly integrated with many other applications ( e . . g . , for inventory , logistics , manufacturing ) .
many scientific support personnel are required for data gathering tasks and analysis during the study .
is breakdown will affect overall organizational coordination within our organization .
A service with more advantages than disadvantages is: bad - good.
he acted as an instructor .
We generally increase capacity (i.e., prepare to handle a greater volume of business) before our competitors do the same.
About how much time did you spend solving these work problems?
next time i need to shop online for a sports watch , i would like you to use this website .
I am satisfied with my work environment.
i am concerned about misuse of my credit - card .
supplier will make continuous adjustments to cope from changing circumstances .
i socialize to the tmt members ( e . g . , social meetings , parties , tennis , etc . )
I am likely to use the system in the next <n> months.
acting as an auction host / intermediary , all amazon / ebay users can be trusted at all times .
the people on this football team get on my nerves .
i expect then that my interaction with mds would be clear , and understandable .
the contractors do not typically make false claims .
To be successful in my job, I must pretend to care about customers’ problems even when I am indifferent.
Companies should never share personal information with other companies unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
extent to which reuse of hardware / design components is monitored .
The contractors do not make false claims.
training & educating trading partner ( s ) .
using electronic mail made it ( would make it ) easier i do my job .
what is your general theory of end - user computing ?
also please evaluate the level of personal knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive in how to utilize your current it infrastructure to address your firm partner ’ s current business needs .
Specify the extent to which you would reveal (the information) through the Internet: willing - unwilling.
the website improves my online home shopping performance .
what is your general knowledge on project management practices ?
my staff and i would have no difficulty telling others about our experience with this exact card system .
to indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting all computing needs of your clients now : systems analysis / structured analysis
are completed designs successful in meeting their design objectives ?
knowledge of all goals and objectives of the company ( i . e . the corporate - wide business entity ) . extremely low / very high .
the trainer acted as an instructor .
i would complete the job using a word processing algorithm if i had noticed someone else using it before trying it myself
extent to which you share information according to market demand trends and forecasts . ( partner company ) .
and the openness to share product design information during user interactions related to product development after the software solution was deployed .
considering the time and effort it i have to make , the change to the new way of working with the nop still sounds worthwhile .
i have the resources and the knowledge , and also the ability to make use of the crc .
Using electronic mail improves the quality of the work I do
not using the crc is a ( foolish / wise ) idea .
it is easy - to get - - - - to do what i want it to do .
The information provided during the DMS training session was helpful.
the average performance rating of the web site that in general , it is user - friendly was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than what you thought )
how much effort ( both in time and energy ) did you spend recommending or suggesting modifications to this system so that maybe it would better truly fits your tasks ?
to no man will we sell , or deny , nor delay , or justice .
i intend to use the crc format to print projects , research papers or assignments this term .
LegalAdvice.com is truthful in its dealings with me.
i will not cooperate with the proposal to the new way for working with the nop system .
we intend to use the crc for print projects , papers , or assignments this term .
importance of activity now : implement , new or changed , computer - supported business processes
" we took this task seriously .
all the tools provided by @ the site allow me to find out who sells the product .
the improving of new systems development ( particularly with respect to o time , cost , quality , disruptions )
payroll information processing : exclusively internal - exclusively external
using an integrated electronic meeting system also improves [ would improve ] the performance of groups i work with .
It is pleasant to follow and use the menu structure.
market changes affect your existing competitors ( 1 = now affect the company in far fewer areas ; 4 = no change ; 7 = now affect your firm in more areas , e . g . , pricing , delivery , etc . ) .
ceo ' s knowledge of it opportunities in this firm
hopefully this web vendor would be competent enough in delivering this product in a timely fashion .
Members of this group believe that the best code wins out in the end.
this was a challenging process .
frequently , after i see what data are available or when the data say , i adjust my view of the problem and guess what solutions are needed .
a reduction in the reject rates of goods procured .
how much the same are these day - to - day situations , problems , or issues you encounter in completing your daily tasks ( how much variability was there in your life or job ) ?
a service that fits well with you the way that i work is : ( bad / good ) .
When users have a problem, IS shows a sincere interest in solving it
having a pws is a new status symbol in my organization .
online companies remain in principle predictable and consistent regarding the usage of ( the information ) .
Market activities of your key competitors (1=have become far more hostile; 4 = no change; 7 = have become far less hostile).
Because of pressure from his brokerage firm, a stock-broker recommended a type of bond that he did not consider a good investment.
here tends to be disagreement on important issues between the managers of the various departments in our is group .
using the system is an ( foolish / wise ) idea .
sellers in amazon ' s / ebay ’ s auction houses did a good thing in the past .
for this adjective , please choose the number that best matches the description of it when you work with microcomputers : unoriginal
organization and people closed out and secretive
my learning environment allows me to complete tasks in an unsatisfactory environment .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills which are in supporting the current computing needs of [ your company now : telecommunications
it increased my ability to better integrate facts .
time required for systems .
i myself was permitted to only use such a pws on a trial basis long enough to see what it could do .
i would likely be ( and much more / much less ) able to use [ like the spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator for the assignment because because of differences in the resources , opportunities , and knowledge it often takes to use each one .
and i would be happy to spend the rest of my career working in this organization .
our team members had developed a clear understanding of why each individual function should be coordinated .
I would like the idea of using this web site.
I have to be in touch with my work even during my vacation due to this technology.
employees of is understand the very specific needs of its users
improved customer service service .
i would remain happy to spend the rest of my life in this organization .
the advantages of the modern www outweigh the disadvantages .
or which of the following best describes the senior is executive ’ s continuing involvement with the top management team ?
this web site was simple to navigate .
sisp output fails to include an effective overall organizational data communications plan .
when suddenly your organization changes how it operates , are the information systems more flexible and easily changed to reflect these changes in your operations ?
the tools provided on the site allow me and find where to get a replacement product if mine is still working .
i think that those people who are very important to me would probably want me to use [ the spreadsheet ] rather more than my calculator for writing the assignment .
Knowledge about the primary functions of the organization is...of no use / of absolute necessity
The network is designed to enable member firms to share customer contacts.
we expect the sequencing of hyperlinks in the website to be clear .
the users of this software differed a great deal among themselves in the requirements to be better met by it .
the data provided by the corporation or division are exactly what i need to carry out my tasks .
our systems development methodology also helps to estimate the project risks .
is tell users just when services will be performed
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on ability to tailor software products to individual customer needs?
we have increased awareness to key information technologies .
god ’ whose capacity for justice makes democracy possible ; but man ’ s inclination to injustice makes democracy impossible .
it will be easy to operate the engines in the crc .
supplier has technical and labor skills that are unique to your requirement .
managers of our is group tend to disagree on the overall effectiveness of is within the enterprise .
Dealing with Others
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance value in applying to it to execute sales ?
visually , this site resembled other sites i think so highly of .
when faced with a particular task , using a key is an obvious choice for me .
and certain types of journal publications count ( i . e . “ refereed ” , / or “ editorial reviewed ” ) .
and how much influence do you have in determining just how much work you have to complete ?
evaluate the length of the product design and cycle time required before the cpc solution was deployed .
what do you believe is a risk for regular internet users due the a possibility that records of transactions could be sold to third parties ?
our production goods ( raw materials ) have a complex electronic or mechanical mechanical assembly of raw raw materials .
on average , how predictable were each of you following at the start - a software development project in your organization ? the actual functionality of the finished product .
The system provides up-to-date information.
Please indicate the frequency with which you construct data flow diagrams.
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site quickly loads all text and graphics?
when you visit my product page , this website recommends products that potentially interest me .
Using the CRC is a: foolish idea - wise idea.
difficulty in achieving “ critical mass ” concentration of trading partners .
how knowledgeable is the top management team about the potential and limitations of current and it ?
for me , being forced to use a weapon like i need it is : unimportant - important .
i do still not find enough time to study engineering and upgrade my technology skills .
which one of the following best describes your involvement with the tmt ?
Information that is credible is …(not important at all/extremely important)
the technical skills that information services staff possess
defines precisely defined responsibilities of each party .
the following questions ask you how you possibly would characterize yourself when you use human computers : spontaneous
it is important also to minimize product cost .
i also am able to arrange a place to study at my residence / new home without distractions
the auction listing ’ s overall use of fonts and colors is pleasing
I feel fatigued when I get up in the morning and have to face another day on the job.
i find using booksamillion . com com useful .
atm processing : - exclusively internal - exclusively external
based on the news reports provided to you about the web site , how do you expect information on the web site to be clear in its meaning ?
solves problems with minimal emotional involvement from you ( customer ) .
adequacy and technical support during is implementation .
my interaction on this website was disgusting / enjoyable .
I am concerned about threats to my personal privacy today.
This section pertains to the usage of progress reports in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client team provides feedback to the vendor team on the extent to which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress reports.
I feel at ease in a computer class.
performance as a role - model . ( poor role - model ? excellent role model )
for this adjective , please circle the area that best matches a description for yourself when you interact with microcomputers : .
overall long term flexibility of the software .
using ( operating system ) makes making it easier to do my ( task ) .
The training program got me more excited about becoming more computer literate.
rate of innovation of new manufacturing processes and new products or technologies in your principle industry ( 1 = rate has fallen dramatically ; 4 = no innovation ; 5 = rate has also increased ) .
please rate your general knowledge about graphical user interface .
please also indicate how important the consideration following is knowledge or professional skills are in supporting the computing needs of your your company three years from now : ability to work closely with your customers and maintain productive user or client relationship
Ideally we should have used the EMS in a different way.
We have frequent contacts with the contractors.
strategic is planning that is viewed as a means of controlling the continued growth of technology .
to which extent is your is department using booch at present ?
setting for example
cost of the operations .
overall specifications for the mass production goods we procure are simple .
our organization has realized the following following performance improvement outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business model partner : improved production planning
relative to other comparable is projects , how is your average recently completed project rate on adherence with budgets ?
Importance of activity now: support user-developed systems
Overall operational efficiency of software.
but in the terms of job roles and responsibilities , i have been given too much responsibility .
and the crc will fit well with the way i work .
the information that is applicable to your purchase decision is … ( not important at first all / extremely important )
effectively using enterprise resource planning in our company required an overall positive change in the values , norms and culture developed within the company .
knowledge about the two key factors that must go right if the organization is able succeed is . . . for no use / not absolute necessity
share a common language in our daily conversations
i feel burned out in my work .
given a choice , i would take a part in a project similar to the most current project .
sisp typically fails to sufficiently address the need for resource administration in the organization .
using the exact card system improves the overall job performance of me , and my staff .
' to what extent do you now feel that the communication you have received from your project executive was : inadequate - adequate
i have the skills necessary to use the system .
please also indicate the frequency with ease which you represent a design in terms of the business .
how often is the pair programming used on this team ?
please indicate how interested the customer is knowledge or skills are in supporting general computing needs of the company three years from now : operating systems : minis
i myself am concerned about misuse of my credit card .
pleasurable ? dangerous ?
the contractors themselves are knowledgeable regarding their services .
please indicate how useful the following is knowledge or services are in supporting the computing needs of the company three years from now : a specific computer language
i intent to use - - - as the routine part of my job over this next year .
- - - is relatively easy to use .
i would feel uncomfortable using a crc on my own .
next next time i need you to go shop for a pda as a gift for a friend , i would like to use a website with characteristics similar enough to those of this website .
how closely did you follow its logical suggestions ?
members of this team integrate newly coded units out of software code with existing code .
i could complete the task using this small package if i had a lot of work to complete the job for which the software was provided .
our organization would characterize this business partner as being very honest
Overall, groups I work with find [would find] and electronic meeting system easy to use.
quality of .
given such a particularly tough legal issue , maybe i would be willing to pay him for a 30 - minute phone consultation with a legaladvice . com lawyer .
understood / understandable
strategies used in retaining it talent include ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across all to almost all of the manufacturing units )
this seller appears likely to be reliable .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: distributed processing
our group had probably used the term ems in relatively novel ways [ improperly ] .
i do not know enough about this technology to handle performing my current job satisfactorily .
Before deciding whether to use any PWS applications, I was able to properly try them out.
When I am uncertain how to act in social situations, I look to the behavior of others for clues
to what extent must you feel personally responsible in the correctness of the group solution ?
the tools provided by the site allow me [MASK] to obtain the product
overall , i believe such a pws is easy to use .
I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if someone else had helped me get started.
My typical approach is to trust sellers until they prove I should not trust them.
people who are attracted to me would like me to use mds .
i would have greater confidence in possible explanations provided on such search sites than those provided by an agent .
People’s private life is their own business
please indicate the general extent to to which the following mechanisms have been further developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of information resources listed above above : reusability as formal part of employee performance evaluation
although it might be helpful , using my pws was certainly not compulsory in my job .
i usually trust people until they give me the reason why to trust them .
Importance of whether a site is going to use the information they collect from me in a way that will identify me.
our organization has realized in the following performance outcomes as being a direct result of our interactions with this business partner : lower operating costs
overall , our systems development also helps to develop better systems .
freedom in how to do .
using electronic tools improves ( would improve ) my job performance .
To what extent is your IS department using Objectory at present?
For me, being able to use equipment even if there is no one around to show me how to use it is: unimportant - important.
shopping on her website is appealing .
these are constant changes in computer software in our organization .
My job is enjoyable.
using the crc is a ( foolish / wise ) new idea .
available knowledge was of great help in converting the user needs to requirements and specifications .
many believe that the number of firms in the network is limited for many reasons .
we two will usually not be considerate of one another ’ s feelings in this team .
Top management involvement in defining and monitoring IS policies
member firms cannot be excluded from membership if they behave unacceptably .
i feel burned out from my body .
importance of this activity three years from now : integrate existing and develop new business applications
specialized instruction in the popular software is available to me .
pws are not very visible in forming my organization .
for the number of years in each of the following areas ( sales , marketing , finance / accounting , manufacturing , engineering , general management , management )
this simple task requires frequent coordination with the effort of others .
Please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm's senior IS executive in your industry’s practices.
The company provides me guidance on how to change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
The quality of system functionality I experienced was; very low-very high.
" the quality of information presentation i originally expected was ; very low - very very high .
i like to just have maximum range of quality product options .
in general , information that is relevant to your final purchase decision is important … ( not very important at all / extremely important )
On average, please indicate the extent to which, and the percent of which, requirements specifications consists of reused components.
i intend not use the crc frequently this term .
The tools provided by the site has all of the functions needed to order a product.
these is units will have operating environments convenient to all their users
It is important to ensure quality of product.
opportunity to share practice learning points .
The performance of the team will be evaluated by the extent to which project goals have been accomplished, regardless of how the goals were accomplished.
are appropriate resources available to separate the program from business areas affected primarily by the program ?
for me , being able to use equipment even if here is no one around to tell me where to use it : : ( unimportant / important ) .
with these factors also in mind , indicate the attractiveness to you of being a highly and effective performer in your current day job .
i know that using the exact card number fits well with the way my staff and i like to receive payment for goods and items .
i am always challenging to myself to learn new concepts
the information in the e - mail is … complete / incomplete
the project manager ’ s behavior shows us that either he or she she cares a great deal about our being a good design team .
x doesn ’ t just sell its products ; it entertains me
right now , to what , do you feel afraid ?
I feel that I am a part of the team.
is support for users in the preparing proposals for new systems
My organization has specific guidelines that describe acceptable use of computer passwords.
team members in my research team are always interested only in their own work .
Product requires significant sharing of your proprietary information with the supplier.
firms have benefited from greater sharing of customer contacts with other members .
for me , getting useful general information about a product directly from a website is .
I find new recruits to this organization know more about computer technology than I do.
the level of the work pressure and stress that i should face ( e . g . , updating it skills , information and work overload , and electronic monitoring ) .
using this web site might be a good idea .
i feel emotionally exhausted from my work .
overall , i find the electronic mail delivery system easy to use
if i use a computer i will be less reliant on data support systems .
the senior manager at this business unit has been helpful in introducing pcs .
i set my own schedule for completing assigned assignments .
Importance of activity three years from now: develop application software – purchase and tailor
every service that seems compatible with the way i work is : bad - good .
i want my personal information to be adequately protected when you purchase this product from this web vendor .
We have reduced the risk of technological obsolescence.
My organization has specific guidelines that describe  acceptable use of e-mail.
Did you have responsibility for selecting the hardware and/or software needed for the new system?
i can rely on other teammates just not to make my job more than difficult by careless work .
The ability of the support service people to keep accurate records that I originally expected was; very low-very high.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: systems integration
using booksamillion . com provided a pretty good test of all my skills .
using the crc was a ( foolish / wise ) idea .
use of a pc will greatly increase with the level of challenge on my job .
what exactly is the extent to which it is your responsibility to continually engage in reviewing project design with others ?
i am very much interested in taking this training seriously .
using - - - improves my ability to make good business decisions .
We took this task seriously.
How certain are your plans to use IT  within the next 6 months?
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site is easy to go back and forth between pages?
do you insist that the final design report on a proposed system specify just how the user should operate the system ?
Supervisor- Subordinate Relations
processes used for negotiating and for making deals directly with the it vendors and service providers are ( unique in all or almost all of the business units ) … common across all or almost all of the business unit units )
this web vendor would be honest in providing any info about this product .
this business process is unique to each firm .
I had the opportunity to mentally practice the demonstrated computer operations.
please indicate what important the following is research and skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : systems integration
our systems development methodology helps us to develop more usable systems .
s . x is friendly and easy to approach .
our systems development methodology helps us estimate the size of the system being be developed .
the disadvantages of my using a pws system far outweigh the cost advantages .
our systems development methodology helps you to estimate the time and resource effort required for the full development of a planned system .
using to this website can increase my shopping effectiveness .
we tend to be number - oriented and analytical about our operations .
Access to technologies and skilled personnel.
Companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in their files is accurate.
overall , using a www is advantageous .
shopping about online improves the quality of decision making .
rules and procedures help to deal with problems that arise between members .
the output plans are therefore not flexible enough to take into account unanticipated structural changes in the global organization and its environment .
on this team , together we do our software development using pairs of independent developers .
i won ' t be able to use the computer in the crc when we need it .
The tools provided by the site ensure satisfactory delivery.
i would be more confident filing a claim on my web than through an agent .
in setting challenging goals
wet ? cold ?
how precisely do these rules and procedures specify how your various major tasks are to be properly done ?
i did feel comfortable using the crc on my own .
my organization educates employees on their computer security management responsibilities .
members from this team feel comfortable changing any part of the existing code at any rate .
The performance of the Web site that is a clear design was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
our systems development methodology helps us to develop more reliable systems .
Responsibility for results of  work
your firm using it within for the next next 6 months would be : effective - ineffective .
Using the CRC will fit well with the way I work.
a higher product quality .
i was satisfied with the number and sites that i could buy this product .
I must act like I care about customers’ concerns even when I find it hard to be interested.
communications between is staff - managerial users
they frequently deal with ill - defined business problems .
having a pws is a status issue in my organization .
but it was difficult to find a page that i had previously viewed .
Evaluate the extent (content) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative interactions related to product development before the CPC solution was deployed.
i would trust the validity of quotes provided through the web more than those supplied by an agent .
on this site , it is impossible to find the information i wanted .
a computer consultant at architects unlimited comes to know about the problem . the consultant wants he keep a copy of some software at the company so that any employee at the company can copy and use this software . doug watson lets the consultant make the copy of the software .
resources are made available for training is [MASK] personnel .
is it profitability ( from chargeouts for services at a profit center )
projects involving development of new areas and of application .
in general , what much does your firm should want to do what customers / clients think the firm should want ?
if i required help , legaladvice . com would try its best to help us .
to what extent does the ess enable you now to improve your insight into running the business ?
my using a pws requires a lot of serious mental effort .
it was relatively easy for my staff and i to also become skillful at using the exact card system .
an accident engineer discovered what he had perceived to be a significant product design design flaw that constituted a potential safety hazard . his company declined to correct the flaw . the engineer decided to keep quiet , rather than taking his environmental complaint outside the company .
using the site enabled me not to shop more quickly .
please indicate that extent to which these following programs have successfully developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above : reward mechanisms for creating reusable resources
The Web site’s performance that is easy to go back and forth between pages was… (very poor/very good)
what about your general knowledge of traditional system development life cycle ?
information that spans a wide range is … ( not important at all / extremely valuable )
the database technology is used for the software .
in general , the need to obtain certain information or skills from the internet is greater than my concern about computers .
just using a pws increases my productivity .
Members of this group think cooperation is important.
our computer systems are too inflexible not be able to adapt to my changing needs and data .
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I felt in control.
today i believe i have developed the ability to use a spreadsheet to assist me in making decisions .
tolerance for ;
The large number of people that tend to get involved with important issues slows down the decision-making process within our IS group.
i could complete the job using the software package if someone else had just helped me to get started .
our manufacturing application is highly competitive with other applications ( e . a . , inventory , logistics , manufacturing ) .
information information that is valuable prior to your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
controllable
There is a considerable risk involved in participating in Amazon/eBay auctions.
this web vendor would be very competent in providing objective reference information about this product .
Changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would enhance my effectiveness on the job than working in the current way.
I intend to continue using the Internet TV for email, browsing, or searching during the next three months
This business partner is truthful in their dealings with our organization
It would be ironic to have the original developers of the EMS see how our group used the system [would view our group’s use of the system as inappropriate].
having a computer is an efficient way for me to learn new things
your firm using it within the next 6 months would say : good - bye .
it is rarely ever required to obtain information from the others to complete this task .
Compared to Google alone: increases my productivity in searching the Web.
there would be significant problems associated with negotiating a price or agreement ( e . g . , agreeing on conditions , prices , and . ) involving an external service - responsible for our data processing .
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This activity constitutes a core competency for our organization.
The original developers of the electronic meeting system would view our group’s use of the system as inappropriate.
it is difficult today to find team members who meet the specific criteria specified by the methodology .
i find it easy to just get the ( task - related ) portions of ( system ) to do what i want for it all to do .
we sacrifice current profitability and gain market share .
please also indicate how important . the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the global computing needs of your company three years from now : systems management life cycle management
how exactly do you evaluate your firm ' s performance and in applying it to support providing value - added advisory services ?
the information provided by - - - - is well formatted .
how knowledgeable it is the tmt about the potential and the limitations of current is ?
users will feel safe in their environment with these is units employees
currency unit of output
fully implementing the projects and the data architecture identified in the sisp project output requires substantial further analysis .
Using the system enhances my effectiveness in my job.
Managers of different departments in our IS group seldom have conflicting goals and objectives.
I am able to experiment with PWS as necessary.
difficult ? painful ?
the contractors do not make any false claims .
I am trying to learn as much as I can about FrontPage from this session
In our relationship with(partner company), the information exchange helps us provide each other with a unique perspective that neither of us could have developed on our own.
i know it .
flexibility of data and reports available from ;
I find the CRM system easy to use
How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? efficient/inefficient
Only certain categories of IS journal publications count (i.e. “refereed” and/or “editorial reviewed”).
ceo ' s endorsement for applications not meeting traditional criteria
i intend to continue using this system , to exchange with other people .
is has employees who give users extremely personal attention
my organization educates employees on basic computer security responsibilities .
your firm today ’ s competitors
for me , being allowed to use a computer when i need it was : unimportant - yes .
when compared to your competitors , and how does your organization rate on overall competitive position ?
Reduce the total cost of executing this process.
it would be very extremely difficult to modify our contracts or agreements with external data processing service - offering providers once a contract contract is signed
I can rely on other teammates not to make my job more difficult by careless work.
based on the numerous reports we provided to you about the web site , do you you expect that the web site in general , provides good access ?
my work environment allows me to do high quality professional work .
members of this team actively engage with unit testing .
do you have good user documentation on your existing systems ?
my use of a pws was voluntary ( as opposed to use by my superiors or job managers ) .
I think X’s Internet site is very exciting
is has up - to - date books and software
Replaces any leaving customer staff with someone more qualified or with equivalent expertise.
- - - allows me to get the work done more quickly .
they intend to use the crc frequently this term .
Using electronic mail enhances my effectiveness on the job
Learning how to purchase this product from this Web vendor would be easy.
communication about changes or revising drafts .
the level of service from online companies that share my personal information is superior to any service from companies that does not use my own information .
our is provide sufficiently detailed information , to support prudent decision - making .
my professors would think that i should use up the crc .
adequacy of technical support after is necessary .
please rate a process by which your new product develops work unit and the effectiveness of it software to describe and redefine product structures , configurations , and routines in the new product development process .
I believe I have the ability to use and understand the cell  references in a spreadsheet.
Evaluate the extent (content) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative interactions related to product development after the CPC solution was deployed.
it will be easy to find the equipment in the crc .
the web site ’ s performance in providing info about is in general , understandable for you in that your purchase decision was … ( much lower than you thought / much lower than you expected )
using the exact card system makes it easier just for both me and my staff to do our jobs .
" emotional ? unemotional ?
even in doing your job , how often do you you use a computer terminal ?
that in order to get along and be liked , i should tend to be what other people would expect me to be rather than anything else
this website provides me with free product reviews by other users .
firms find it easy to work with other network members because members are flexible and able to adapt .
using - - - is ( not enjoyable / not very enjoyable )
i will purchase the product , next time i need a new watch .
to what extent has your is department using booch at present ?
work on technically complex tasks
purchasing products from this website would involve more serious financial risk ( i . - e . , fraud , hard to return ) when compared with more traditional ways out of shopping .
the crc will be of immense benefit to me .
their employees will be well dressed and extremely neat in appearance
i feel fatigued enough when i finally get up in the early morning and have to face another day on the job .
the third person providing the dms training appeared to be also an expert on this topic .
if asked , i . would likely also recommend ( system ) as a ( task related ) platform .
it is a complex and difficult task for your firm to actually find a staff with expertise of using the traditional internet interorganizational system
standards used for the it infrastructure are ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across each or almost all of the financial units )
i would find it more convenient to use this a web tool rather more than an agent .
how would you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in allowing it to execute manufacturing / operations ?
any web site that is visually attractive is … ( not important after all / extremely important )
control models are used to monitor variances in planned actions and outcomes .
such an electronic meeting system makes it [ would render it ] easier for groups to work with to carry out their tasks .
to aid me in achieving ( accomplishment - work ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : technology increasing - productivity decreasing
they expect that mds would be reasonably priced .
effective training programs for users in general is developing capabilities
and i certainly would feel comfortable acting on all the landlord / tenant information given to me by legaladvice . com .
because the contractors were previously a part of the client organization , i expect the contractors to suggest far more initiatives on related technology issues to the client organization than other vendors .
i think using this website is fun .
anyone on this team can change existing code at any moment .
people in my world organization who also use a pws have a high profile .
i also feel very confident that amazon ’ s ratings & feedback mechanism gives more accurate information about the auction sellers ’ reputation .
i ' ve had a very great deal of opportunity to try the various pws applications .
i really didn ' t know how to get to my desired location .
and my own writing .
end of activity three years from now : implement data management procedures
to me , it is probably the most important thing to keep my privacy intact from the online companies .
there is a norm of teamwork in building this team
all other things considered , using the system is a ineffective idea – an effective idea .
we have ( or expect to have ) frequent interactions with our vendor ( and subsidiary ) in day - of - days operations of this business process .
i use my ess to see what ' s new .
please indicate to how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing support needs of your company right now : cobol , or other recent third generation language
there is a sense of human contact on the website .
using dms in my office is a good idea .
These IS units will be dependable
Overall, --- is of high quality.
i find the ( mostly task - related ) portions of ( system ) easy enough to use .
my ability of the support service personnel to keep accurate records i experienced was ; very low - very good .
how do you even evaluate your client firm ’ s performance in applying it to execute sales ?
I am able to experiment with the PWS as necessary.
The quality of system ease of integration with other systems I originally expected was; very low-very high.
overall , i really am happy with x ’ s prices
shares your industry practices with you ( customer ) .
by making complaints against unsatisfactory services , in the long run the performance of services may improve .
reliable - free .
most please rate the effectiveness by which your new product and development work unit uses the effectiveness of it tools ( e . , g . , the collaborative design tools ) for seamless virtual product and design reviews needed in the new product development process .
i could complete the job using the software package , if i ever had seen someone else before using it before trying it myself .
--- makes information easy to access.
overall , i am very satisfied with the system information system .
I could complete the job using the software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
external data processing co - providers would have to be closely and constantly monitoring to verify that they adhere to our contractual terms and conditions
how do you evaluate your firm ’ ' s performance in applying it to support enhancing their customer linkages ?
Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: foolish - wise.
please indicate how essential the following is knowledge or experience are in supporting the specific needs of your company now : ability ; develop and be effective , informative , and persuasive presentations
based on the numerous reports provided to you about the web site , do you not expect that the web site is of a clear design ?
behavior in a design team is very orderly — it is clear which members are expected to do , and they know it .
The store’s Web site provided adequate information.
i can always rely on legaladvice . com on a tough legal case .
this business process is not common among our competitors .
How would you rate the information exchanged with (partner company) in terms of its relevancy to your business needs, compared with information exchanged with other similar partners?
freedom is how to do job
too easy to become skillful
The Web site held my attention.
Projects whose primary benefit is providing new decision support information to middle and lower levels of management.
we had frequent contacts with the contractors .
companies should take some more steps to better make sure that the personal information in their files is accurate .
it communications standards are ( unique , in all or almost all of the business units … common across almost all or almost all all levels of the business units )
overall responsiveness of the app to users
We can easily assess the performance of this business process independent of the performance of our other processes.
The tools provided by the site allow me to get reports on my financial transactions with the company.
i am worried about shipping errors .
In terms of my preferred way of selecting a digital camera, this virtual advisor's reasoning processes for generating recommendations were restricted
a new site that quickly loads all the text and graphics is … ( if important at all / not important )
please rate their effectiveness to your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : group members manage and successfully interconnect their groups .
- - - - makes information very accessible .
In your experience, how frequently are subordinates afraid to express disagreement with their superiors?
this section pertains to the performance of meeting or conference calls in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you approve and disagree with the following statements : during the meetings following the conference calls , the client provides significant feedback from the management team on their performance .
i enjoy discussing my organization , with people outside it .
Becoming skillful at making good purchasing decisions on the Web would make it much more difficult/easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
the companies now should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the available personal information in their databases .
using electronic mail is my productivity
Please indicate the extent of  enterprise resource planning adoption by your firm’s customers.
a public service that is advantageous is : bad - good .
compared with your competitors , how does your organization hold on overall competitive position ?
please rate the effectiveness with which your new product development work unit changes the effectiveness with it software ( e . g . , transformation tools ) to create meaning to information by changing its form in the new product development unit .
are you the leader of the project team ?
when online companies ask me for personal information , but i sometimes think twice twice before providing it .
Electronic mail supports critical aspects of my job
assuming i gain access to the system , i plan to kill the virtual advisor
in general , investing in christie ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions has done a good job of fulfilling their legal obligations to me during our transactions . ( reverse )
the main focus of is planning is controlling costs through extensive budgeting .
our organization provides clear documentation to end users on the new technologies .
overall , how do we feel about the website name you identified : terrible - delighted .
below leadership performance standards . ( below most ratings ? above most standards )
my intentions are to continue using the www rather , than to use any alternative technology .
the members of this development team integrate newly coded units of software with existing code .
There would be too much uncertainty associated with giving (the information) to online firms.
relevancy performance reports .
the quality of system functionality that i had experienced was ; very low - very high .
If there is a problem with my transaction, this seller will go out on a limb for me.
in general , this business or partner is knowledgeable about their industry business and business operations
we optimize coordination of our departments and / or state lines .
I intend to use the CRC to print projects, papers, or assignments this term.
it takes him long to learn how to use the pc to make it worth the effort .
we , and [ the vendor name ] are generally skeptical of the information provided to each other
the computer systems available to me were missing any data that would be extremely useful to me in my job .
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be credible?
it was easy enough for me to get relevant quantitative ( price taxes , etc . ) market information .
this new business partner is interesting in our organization ’ s well being and not necessarily just its own
users actively participate in the test plans .
Members of this group believe in helping others.
In general, I am not interested in trying out new Web sites.
Productivity improvements.
invests time spent in building a good relationship with your you ( customer ) .
i am able to make changes to the formalized agreement of work to be done [ in system definition / during physical development / system implementation ] .
the methodology did not sufficiently involve top management .
Our group probably used the EMS in relatively novel ways [improperly].
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is valuable to making your purchase decision was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to execute outbound logistics?
and to what extent is your is department using ssadm ( structured systems analysis analysis and design method ) at the present ?
Training programs available to you to learn about computing
Members of the team have a sharing relationship with each other. We can freely share our ideas, feelings, and hopes.
my organization has rules that assure you all team members will been treated fairly and equitably .
online companies should have better procedures that correct errors in personal information .
this section pertains to the common usage of meetings or conference calls in this outsourcing business arrangement . please indicate the full extent and to which you agree or disagree with . the following technical statements : during either the meetings or the conference calls , the client team provides significant feedback to the vendor team regarding their performance .
please evaluate your level of knowledge of your ch ' i senior is executive in how to utilize your it infrastructure to address your firm ' s current business needs .
How informed are you about the IT vision statements in your business unit?
we operate efficiently , we rely on procedures / routines of our channel partners
but i would not hesitate to just use the landlord / tenant information legaladvice . com had supplied me .
sisp also fails to identify specific new projects .
the escrow method of amazon ’ s auction marketplace : guarantees that players cannot cheat easily .
if i had a challenging legal problem , i probably would want to never use legaladvice . com com again . *
revenue growth : not much better than the competition - much worse than the national competition .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to test your assumptions?
we adopt a rather more conservative view when making major decisions .
dr . x . is primarily concerned with getting the job done .
whenever anyone wants or change a piece or code , they need the permission of the individual ( s ) that coded it .
relationships with fellow company employees
how free did you feel , to discuss with the project executive the problems , and the difficulties you had in this project without jeopardizing your position , or having it “ held against you ” until later ?
sellers at amazon ’ s auctions are in general trustworthy .
if other problems such as delays do arise , the contractors are honest about the problems .
i could complete the job using a software development package if i actually had used similar packages before this one to both do the same job .
Constricted? Spacious?
among my peers , i am usually among the very first to try out new internet sites .
there would always be time for me to receive information from this woman within the next 30 days .
now it will be difficult to learn how to use the crc .
how do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying expertise to and enhancing customer linkages ?
with respect to the core client team team in implementing this outsourcing business arrangement , please please indicate the extent to which either you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team clearly grasps the fundamentals of it as they relate to its business .
Companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information.
please rate the performance of amazon ’ ' s auction house sellers on average based on fulfilling these goals : competitive pricing .
To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: inaccurate-accurate.
We and [vendor name] are generally skeptical of the information provided to each other
our information systems are designed to accommodate changes in business requirements very quickly
availability and timeliness ease of report delivery to users
The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: unoriginal
I am concerned about vendor legitimacy.
Work products, processes, and services are objectively evaluated against the applicable requirements to ensure that issues arising from these reviews are addressed before the CPC solution was deployed.
in order just to get along and to be liked , i tend to be what the other people expect me to be rather than anything else
and i usually trust people until they give me just a reason not to trust them .
i have the authority to initiate projects , at my job .
when business requirements change , it is important to change the selection and format for data not available by our computer systems .
using the pws fits into my work style .
are systems development resources constantly shifted to cope in crisis situations facing the organization ?
trainer acted as an artistic advisor .
i ' d really like to work with this group again .
Most Internet retailers and auction sellers are honest.
does the actual cost of maintaining existing systems exceed expected ( fixed or budgeted ) operating costs ?
Individuals in our IS group rarely establish informal contacts with people outside their own departments. In our IS group, managers of different departments meet frequently to discuss important issues.
i can complete the job using a spreadsheet package if i have seen someone else using it before creating it myself
the tools provided by the site help me replace a tattoo .
all employees will be well dressed and neat in appearance
our systems development methodology helps to coordinate systems development projects .
Work More quickly
ceo ' s responsible for it
using a pws is completely compatible for my current situation .
Useful
our information structures are highly scalable
we have enhanced with our it competence .
reduction of administrative expenses .
if i could , i should like to continue my use of the library .
members of this group place great value on technical support .
computer database databases that contain personal information should be protected " from unauthorized access , — no matter how much it costs .
i took this task quite seriously .
how much has the systems and your staff increased over the last two years ?
why would you rate the overall risk of carrying out transactions using this computer ?
Information that is complete for your purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
changes in the personnel with whom he interacts .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the frequency of executing prototypes or sample product testing relative to your major competitors.
what i should give up in terms of releasing my personal information to online companies , is commensurate with knowing what i will receive in return from the companies .
the system is not compatible with other software i use .
my superiors expect you to use a pws .
i am concerned that companies are collecting too much personal questions about you .
overall , the site was useful enough for shopping .
our organization has realized its following performance outcomes , a result of our interactions with this business partner : increased ;
i wanted to always do as good of a job as possible no matter how much effort it took .
our team was able the reach consensus on how we would use the electronic meeting system to perform our task .
knowledge about only the few and key organizational factors that must go right if the organization is to succeed is . . . knowledge of no use / of absolute necessity
relative to other comparable studies [MASK] , how did your most recently published project rate on effectiveness of interactions with consultants ?
as you indicated much earlier , outsourced business activity is the primary focus of your work team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which : you agree with or disagree only with the following statements : ... this activity has evolved in supporting our organization through information sharing .
i could complete the job by using a spreadsheet package if i had ever seen someone else using it before trying writing it myself
it was difficult to find a page that he had previously viewed .
- - - effectively integrates data from different areas in the brain .
online shopping on the web allows me to compare prices easily .
successful ? successful ?
companies should not use personal information for any purpose , unless it has not been authorized by the individuals who provided them the information .
how do you evaluate your firm ' a performance in applying it and execute customer services ?
firms find it easy to work with other network members because they are connected and willing to collaborate .
overall , how do you feel about the website that is identified : self - contented .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills gained in supporting the computing capabilities of your community three weeks from now : decision support systems
the web site ' s performance in providing information which is in general , reliable for making your purchase decision was … ( much lower than i thought / slightly higher then you thought )
The tools provided by the site help me as a customer track ongoing usage.
how many written organizational rules and procedures exist for doing your major tasks ?
working with a pc engine is fun
an external committee or committee responsible for coordination ( e . g . , a steering group ) .
frequently , my need for information arises on an irregular schedule , and is not predictable much in advance .
how long were you with the other members in your team ?
the methodology would not sufficiently involve users .
Dealing with the members of this team often leaves me feeling irritated and frustrated.
i feel physically drained when i get home safely from work .
the quality and system - time i experienced was ; very low - very high .
effective training programs for users in the general is capabilities
please rate the effectiveness level of using your new product development work unit in the following three activities relative to both your major competitors : we effectively interrelate our activities to manage rapidly in changing conditions .
is prompt in his payment .
for example me , a service is having equipment that is compatible with other equipment i use that is : unimportant - important .
how long have you been in your current organization ?
quality measures like error rate and interest rate are used as the basis of rewards to information systems personnel .
to me , that is the best of all possible organizations for which to work .
the business plan the team developed would convince our clients to hire our new consulting firm .
the training helped me see the usefulness to excel .
as you mentioned earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus for your team in this outsourcing activity . with respect to outsourced activity , to indicate some extent to that they agree or disagree with my following statements : here are established procedures and practices that can be followed to perform this outsourced is activity .
When I was using MS Excel, I felt completely absorbed in what I was doing.
graduate seminars
my parents expect me to use the system .
the performance of the web site that is a clear web design was … ( much lower than you thought / very much higher performance than you thought )
how would you describe a group ’ or problem solving process ? coordinated / uncoordinated
overall , our systems development methodology also helps to make the users more satisfied with our systems .
Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in improvements in product quality/functionality.
Expanding market for existing product/service
importance of activity now : support multi - user computing ( e . g . , server , center , hot button )
use of a pc will increase the flexibility of changing systems .
Entering new business or markets
My interaction with the electronic mail system is easy for me to understand
my staff and i would have no problem telling others about my experience using the exact card system .
I will not cooperate with the change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
using this web site can help increase my shopping effectiveness .
firms , in conjunction with other firms , have competed for contracts that they may not have done on the own .
online shopping gives me a wider choice of different stores compared directly to conventional online stores .
using the crc is called : foolish idea - wise idea .
i feel used up at the very end of the work day .
i even had the opportunity to symbolically process the presented information .
transfers knowledge to your ( supplier ’ s ) / staff .
what is the general knowledge of multimedia ?
it provides its services at all times it promises to do so
evaluate the cost of successful product development after every cpc solution was deployed .
in common with other virtual countries , the price of the products and services ( including postage handling ) are reasonable .
it would be within my budget to download this ebook from this web vendor for the next 30 days .
Are all the initiatives needed to realize benefits, and how these will be tackled, identified in the program?
at what extent could the project executive distinguish between effective and ineffective systems of actions in the project ?
i prefer we do something that challenges our thinking abilities rather than something that requires little thought .
In interacting with customers, I must suppress irritation I may feel.
please indicate here how important the following is : knowledge or skills are required in supporting the computing needs of your your company three consecutive years from now : ability to plan , organize & write clear , concise , and effective memos , reports , and documentations
a service that is compatible with the way i really work is : " bad - good .
it is [ would be ] really easy enough for groups i work with to become skillful people at using an ems .
The quality of information timeliness I experienced was; very low-very high.
interacting with the electronic mail system requires a lot more of my mental effort
the online store remembers / recognizes me as a repeat customer ( after the same first contact time ) .
i believe , at the current price , mds will provide a good value .
legaladvice . com is sincere , genuine .
Importance of activity three years from now: train and educate end users
If I use a computer I will increase my sense of accomplishment.
The information from --- is always up to date.
they would have difficulty explaining why using a pws may or may not prove beneficial .
i set off a formalized agreement of the work done by the information systems / information processing staff [ during system definition / after physical development / during implementation ] .
the ability of the support and service people to keep the accurate records that i experienced was ; very low - very high .
becoming skillful at both making good value purchasing decisions on the social web would make it much more difficult / easier for me to purchase all this product from this web vendor .
i am confident that everything will work out well .
based on the reports provided to you about using the web site , do you expect your information on using the web site to be valuable to those making your purchase decision ?
the system is not compatible with most systems i use .
there lies a great deal of variety in some problems , issues , or questions on which i need data in my work .
my interaction time with the crm system is clear and understandable
but i did not have to simply spend too much effort to complete the transaction .
Firms believe that opportunistic behavior by one member at the expense of other members is unlikely.
Do you insist that systems are documented as they are developed for review and control purposes rather than after they are implemented?
overall groups i work with find [ they would find ] an ems system easy to use .
but in terms of job roles and responsibilities , there still is still a need to reduce some parts of my role .
the data is up - of - date enough for my purposes .
i feel that such people are generally reliable .
legaladvice . com performs the role of giving expert advice very well .
she will go look for a job at a different company in the next year .
i believe that what ? i ask for what i can get in online shopping .
the quality of my responsiveness and the support that i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
in general , only a particular web site that is entertaining is … ( usually not important at all / extremely important )
surely this website would be useful for getting valuable information about this product .
knowledge and performance on the job
I would intend to use this web site very frequently.
The project manager goes out of his or her way to consult with other team members and to seek their ideas and advice.
the end - user help desk is well staffed with knowledgeable individuals .
the vendor is sincere and generous .
Given the resources, opportunities and knowledge it takes to use the system, it would be easy for me to use the system.
and the crm system is a new business experience for me
because { subordinate } uses software for improvements { subordinate } is more effective in his / her role .
managers find it difficult to answer questions specified by the manager .
Reduced error rates.
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as the consequence of our interactions with this business partner : improved quality management
i am able too concentrate on school subjects
requirements identified at the beginning with the project are quite different from those toward the end .
• understanding the information needs of organizational subunits .
based on your reports provided to us about the web site , do you expect that our web site is well organized ?
how much tension was there among members of your team ?
many online companies can make a reasonable effort to prevent unauthorized access to personal information stored in their databases .
our production goods ( raw materials ) have a complex electrical and mechanical assembly of raw materials .
how effective was your method at using all members ' skills ?
Considering the loss that I incur, the change to the new way of working with the NOP system is of good value.
i would complete the job using a software package if i had used other packages like this one to do the same job .
the sensation feeling ( sf )
I believe that my organization monitors any modification or altering of computerized data by employees.
i am unimaginative when do i interact with the world - wide web web
using an electronic meeting system improves [ would improve ] the performance of groups that i work closely with .
I can count on the system to be “up” and available when I need it.
my interaction with a pws was clear and understandable .
Most Internet retailers and auction sellers keep promises and commitments.
please rate the effectiveness on your new product development work unit from the following activities relative to your major competitors : we have effective routines that identify , value , & share new information and knowledge .
our organization fosters a very good relationship between it department and end - users .
our lives were well organized .
please evaluate the level of the knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive in how best to identify the relevant emerging it technologies for supporting your firm ’ ' s products , markets business strategies , and business processes .
slow ? really fast ?
the network is designed to enable members to gain access further to the skills / expertise requirements of other members .
most of my teammates can be relied on to doing as they say they will do .
the vendor is competent and very effective in providing this data exchange .
For me, feeling comfortable using a service on my own is: unimportant - important.
tolerance measures for ambiguity
which of those following best describes your involvement with the tmt ?
to do my work well , i must pretend not or be irritated at customers even when they may feel that way .
level of physical stimulation required of me to learn to use the software / system or interpret the information software generates .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: Management effectively administers relevant tasks and functions.
generally speaking , i feel satisfied enough with this job .
use the pull - down user interface to interface with wordperfect ?
risk .
i seldom consider switching to yet another website
requirements fluctuated quite a little bit in later phases of this project .
I trained other users to use this system.
How do you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website: absolutely terrible - absolutely delighted.
I believe this seller will deliver to me a product according to the posted delivery terms and conditions.
i was completely immersed in addressing this problem .
and please rate your personal knowledge about imaging technology .
in comparison with other virtual malls , the price of the various goods and services ( including the postage handling ) used are reasonable .
Importance of activity three years from now: support user-developed systems
Using an EMS improves [would improve] the performance of groups I work with.
Existing procedures and guidelines hinder individuals in our IS group from trying out new ideas.
most people in this team are basically honest and can be trusted .
please note the effectiveness of saying your new product development work unit uses computational efficiency of information technology tools to create parallel workflows so the multiple tasks can be worked on simultaneously throughout the new product development process .
Overall, LegalAdvice.com is a capable and proficient Internet legal advice provider.
I will probably look for a job at a different company in the next year.
people in my organization who use a pws have less prestige than those who have not .
browsing through this website , i had a desire to quickly buy items that usually did not pertain to my specific shopping goal .
the information from - - - was always up to date .
i could complete the job using a software package if only there was no one around to just tell me what to do . as i go .
groups i work with find [ would make ] it easy to get an electronic meeting plan and do what they want [ would like ] it to do .
sellers in amazon prime ’ s auction marketplace did a pretty good job in the past .
cost of adapting the software to changes in business
assuming i had access to all the system , i predict that soon i would use the virtual advisor
IT communications standards are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
computers do not scare me after all .
i would be trained using a computerized training program
please evaluate a degree of environmental turbulence that your npd work group faces in your product - quality analysis : there are many competitors in this market .
for what extent does the ess enable you to add dose to the business ?
i certainly would characterize legaladvice . com as honest .
i find my experience working with this website exciting .
i could complete half the job using just a spreadsheet package if i had a lot of time to complete the job , for which the computer software was provided .
sisp output fails to sufficiently address " the need for data resource administration in the organization .
with the information above in hand , what little effort do you make to be a highly effective performer in your current job ?
high degree of technical competence typical of the staff in the is department
as for this adjective , please circle the number that best matches with a general description made of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : unoriginal
i did expect that . learning how to use mds would be easy for me .
I feel fatigued when I get up in the morning and have to face another day on the job.
evaluate the cost of overall product development before testing the new cpc solution was deployed .
groups i work with find [ would find ] an electronic meeting system useful only for group work .
how much would all other employees who might use it approve of the firm using it in the next two years ?
i developed the ability to communicate clearly about the whole community - first ” class .
I am uninventive when I interact with the World-Wide Web
Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in accelerated time-to-market.
after projects are implemented , are major reprogramming changes necessary to improve processing performance ?
our major suppliers often can electronically process business transaction documents ( typically e . g . , invoices , designs , pos ) .
using the exact card system further improves the job performance of me personally and my staff .
Distant? Close?
we were totally immersed in solving this problem .
Using the CRC is entirely within my control.
i am able to participate on class discussions
how important is having the opposition of employees for your firm regarding the use of it all in the next next 6 months ?
please rate the effectiveness assessment by identifying which your new product and development work unit uses in the leveraging information communication technology tools for storing , archiving , retrieving , sharing , and reusing project information systems and best practices .
because you are a highly effective employee in your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you will be recognized by you peers and colleagues is . . .
that it will help improve communication .
How knowledgeable are you on using word processing?
The tools provided by the site allow me to effectively conduct a buying transaction online.
the research methodology fails to assess the external technological environment .
i believe i have the ability . use my spreadsheet to assist me in making decisions .
There is a considerable risk involved in participating in Amazon auctions.
IS breakdown will affect overall coordination within our organization.
The employees of these IS units will understand the specific needs of their users
how likely are you , within the next three years to : : take action to have your name permanently removed , from direct mail lists for catalogs , product , services or services .
our systems development methodology provides useful guidelines set for conducting systems development .
the degree that internet usage has become promoted by requirements in government procurement
confidential - not public .
the information provided is easy to understand .
The methodology fails to assess the external technological environment.
the vendor is truthful only in its dealings with me .
During the video demonstration, I was absorbed by the demonstrated activities.
as i browsed this website , i still had the urge not to purchase items other than clothing or in addition to my specific shopping goal .
i believe this seller will deliver to me a product according of the following delivery terms and conditions .
importance of activity now : support existing portfolio of .
to what extent , does joining the ess enable you to confirm your understanding of the business ?
Although it might be helpful, using the system is certainly not compulsory in my job.
i trust the online store to deliver the product over time .
i expect immediately that my current interaction with mds would be clear and understandable .
importance of activity now : integrate existing and potential business applications
that is dependable
i went over things i had learned in my modules
This Web vendor would be honest in its dealings when I purchase this product from it.
those groups i work with find [ would find ] it easy , to get an ems to really do what they want [ and would want ] it to do .
product has a high manufacturing quality quality .
the team leader is dealing with a nonroutine problem .
i find ( system ) useful in my ( system task completion ) .
impersonal ? romantic ?
you can easily operate the internet tv on my own
i like to travel as as little as possible to purchase .
the network has several routines for coordinating work between member firms .
the methodology fails to assess the current technological environment .
i may deceive people by being around when i really want them
if i use this computer i will increase my chances of getting a job .
it is easy for students to become skillful by using the ( task - related ) portions . ( system )
all those things considered , using in the internet tv is … extremely negative / extremely positive
I like to explore new Web sites.
shopping from x [MASK] ’ s internet site makes my life easier
I could complete the job using the software package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
Replaces any leaving supplier staff with someone more qualified or with equivalent expertise.
it seems important to reduce environmental damages .
using electronic mail allows me to do more work than would otherwise have possible
market share gains : much better than the competition - much better than global competition .
i expect that just using mds would be enjoyable .
Members of this team actively engage in unit testing.
In some jobs, outcomes are unpredictable - if you do something to solve a problem you don't know what will happen. What percent of the time are you unsure that things will work out as expected?
we have increased our access to skilled personnel .
the tools used by the site allow me to provide feedback to my company .
companies should never sell all the personal information stored in their computer databases to other companies .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the above activities relative to your major tasks : group workers are subject to tasks commensurate with their task - relevant skills and experience .
does the student information system have errors in the information that you can work around ?
Our organization provides clear documentation to end users on using new technologies.
right now , to what extent do do you feel nervous ?
communication with edp technical staff
all things considered , using this system is a negative step – by step .
evaluate the typical number of new product design features before launch the cpc solution was initially deployed .
i would find it more convenient to purchase the policy based on hitting the web than through an agent .
amount because of the physical strain i suffer ( e . g . , eye strain , pain in either the neck / back / wrist / hand / or shoulder / legs ) .
our business partner performs all six of their roles very well
Man’s capacity for justice makes democracy possible; but man’s inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.
can the “ help ” feature to find information ?
importance of knowing what information a company keeps about me in its records .
frequency rating of new product or service introduction : much much better than the competition - - much worse than the competition .
the competitive conditions require each firm to use enterprise resource planning .
The tools provided by the site allow me to get a detailed history of the goods I ordered from this website.
our team members today had developed a clear understanding of how exactly each business function should be coordinated .
learning how to actually purchase this product from this web vendor would not be easy .
evaluate the most typical extent of reuse of existing design and features in the products designed before the cpc solution system was deployed .
Flexible - restricted.
internal revenue .
please rate the process by which your new product development management unit uses the efficiency and information technology tools to create parallel workflows so that different tasks can be worked on simultaneously in the same product development unit .
capital requirements fluctuated quite a bit in early phases of this project .
does the student information system produce output that is exactly something you need ?
Evaluate the typical number of new product design features before the CPC solution was deployed.
- - - is versatile in addressing its needs as they arise .
provides fast turnaround for your ( supplier ’ s ) requests .
Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the adequacy of IT tools (e.g., application and desktop sharing) for simultaneously working together in real time in the new product development process.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or experiences are in addressing the computing needs of your company applications : operating systems : minis
when i was using microsoft excel , they added features that helped me test different assumptions in the data .
because when i finally was using ms excel , i was able to block out all other distractions .
right now , to what extent did you feel ashamed ?
all the personal information held in computer databases today should be double - checked carefully for accuracy - no matter how much this costs .
I expect to use MDS frequently in the future.
companies should devote more time and energy to verifying the quality of the personal information in the databases .
Amazon.com increases my productivity in shopping for CDs.
a amount of effort had to be spent on reconciling the histories of various users of this software .
i intend to continue with the device rather than use any alternative technology .
maintaining of a mutual understanding with top management based on the role of is in supporting strategy .
If I use a computer I will increase my effectiveness on the job
the data maintained by the data - exchange is pretty much what i need to carry out out my tasks .
i don ' t really have adequate resources or try out different things on the pws .
are new systems designed and implemented more in a manner which enhances the credibility of understanding the systems organization ?
to what legal extent do you feel that the communication you received from your new project chief executive was : inaccurate - accurate
i find using the system to be quite enjoyable .
level 2 of intellectual skills required all of me to learn to use the software / system or interpret the user information it generates .
i intend not to use dms on doing my job in the near future .
sometimes the task of selecting digital cameras and using the virtual advisor took too much time
to what an extent do you even feel that ? the communication you received from your project executive was : not credible - credible
The computer systems I use are subjected to unexpected or inconvenient down times, which makes it harder to do my work.
using electronic mail also gives me greater control over my work
lays out clearly what each party wishes to perform .
learning how to get details about this group from this website would be easy .
i thought about what things i needed to do . learn
to obtain auto insurance and price quotes .
our organization has realized that the following performance outcomes as a result of continuing our interactions with this business partner : significantly improved production planning
responds promptly whenever you ( supplier ) provide information .
using to this virtual website increases my own productivity in shopping ( e . g . , making purchase decisions or finding product information within the shortest possible time frame ) .
the project requires too much user involvement .
overall , most of my expectations from not using the www were confirmed .
to what extent are you so confident that the group solution is correct ?
" our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with " this new business partner : lower operating costs
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit process in the three following activities relative to your major competitors : we will ensure that there is good compatibility between group members expertise and work unit processes .
when people give personal information to a company for some purpose , the employee should never share the information for any other purpose .
how sound is the work done on cost estimates and contingency ?
maybe i could complete the job without using a word processing package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as far i go .
my professional environment allows me to meet the expectations of my supervisor in performing my duties .
they would find it too complex for me to understand and use new technologies .
I had the opportunity to mentally visualize the demonstrated computer operations.
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it and execute manufacturing / engineering ?
Supervision received on the job
the web site ’ s overall performance in providing information that is , in general , useful in your purchase decision was … ( very , poor / very , good )
extent to which content of information exchanged ( i . g . , sales reporting , product information , product availability , product information , v . ) with ( partner company ) can are interpreted similar to information traded with other companies .
relevancy of .
is delayed in payment .
in terms to job roles and responsibilities , the amount of work i have to do interferes in the quality i want and maintain .
what difference was the ( approximate ) total revenue of your organization for last year ? ( as for nonprofit organizations , indicate total operating budget . )
a work environment allows me to work efficiently .
I expect that I would be able to use MDS at anytime, anywhere.
the auction listing features visually pleasing design
changes in the importance for different inputs ( thus the power - related persons ) to the solution of problem .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development and work unit in the following activities relative only to your major competitors : we ensure that all the output of our work unit is closely synchronized with the work of others .
the network is designed to enable member firms to share customer service contacts .
the system is environmentally friendly .
we share procurement - related information electronically and within our firm .
sisp output fails to provide a statement of organizational objectives for a state department .
in different circumstances and with different personalities , i often act like very different persons
overhead pressure reduction .
the web site ’ ' s performance that has a simple layout for its contents was generally … ( very poor / not very good )
I would find it easy to get CHART- MASTER to do what I want it to
the quality of system user friendliness i originally expected , was ; very low - very very high .
Using a PWS improves my job performance.
in my opinion , using this site increased my shopping effectiveness .
My group’s use of the EMS was consistent with the goals and attitudes the systems aims [aimed]  to promote.
did you make plans for estimating development costs of the new system ?
the database technology used for the film .
The developers of electronic meeting system would disagree with how our group used the system.
i intend not to use the system in only the next < n > months .
I'm not always the person I appear to be
The technical skills that computer services staff possess
but please indicate the frequency with which you instruct the tools to freeze a portion of the design to protect keeping it safe from changes .
i do believe that online shopping is reliable .
requirements fluctuated quite one bit in later phases of this project .
there would be too much financial uncertainty associated with giving ( and the information ) to online firms .
using booksamillion . com can improve my shopping network performance .
Please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm's senior IS executive in how to utilize your IT infrastructure to address your firm’s current business needs.
the decision i had reached for the appraisal task was not a good one .
and how knowledgeable is the tmt about the full potential and the limitations of what “ next - generation ” is ?
the quality of information completeness i had expected was ; very low - too high .
the tools provided on the site help us to establish my product requirements .
if the choice of any ( technology type ) platform were up for me , it would certainly be ( system ) .
adjusting to the new style of working with the nop members would increase my productivity than working in the current way .
the dynamic manner in which the components of our information systems systems are organized and integrated allows for rapid changes
i will be able to rely upon those i work with for this team .
our suppliers should have computerized their order management process .
i feel a sense of great pride in doing my job .
using a pc requires too much time for mechanical operations ( e . g . , data input )
our software development approach ( es ) are such as they permit a range of solutions to different kinds of requirements .
online shopping gives me the wider range of product choices compared to purchasing at conventional stores .
perhaps it will improve communication .
knowledge about all of our network partners , competitors , etc . , are shared with all other channel partners
i get so involved with when i shop from x that i forget everything . else
my group used the name ems as originally intended by the creators .
we have frequent contacts with the government contractors .
we frequently share knowledge about our business environment ( e . / g . , other business relationships ) with all our channel 4 partners
Our systems development methodology reminds me about the activities/tasks of systems development.
how do do you really evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to support and enhancing existing products / services ?
Interacting with the Internet TV does not require a lot of my mental effort
To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: incomplete-complete
when do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying strategies to support enhancing existing products / services ?
how often have you participated both in and / or led in implementing information systems design projects ?
the prices of the product ( s ) i purchased from os x ’ s internet auction site are too high , especially given the quality of the merchandise
with our team , we do our software development using pairs of developers .
these are made available for training is personnel .
Generally speaking, I want to do what my classmates think I should do.
i have the human and technological resources necessary to use in the system .
the other people in my team will be friendly .
As an auction host/intermediary, Amazon/eBay has high integrity.
i felt like i was going around it in circles .
trainer concentrated on specific learning tasks .
to evaluate product product quality based on the number of product design errors or defects before the basic cpc solution was deployed .
I've had a great deal of opportunity to try various PWS applications.
i was able to fully concentrate on the video demonstration .
If you are a highly effective performer in your current job, the likelihood (probability) that you will be admired by your peers and colleagues is...
when companies ask me for some personal information , i sometimes hesitate twice before providing it .
be well respected by top management
sellers in amazon ’ s auctions were in general honest .
backlog of development of work is high
try to remember
please indicate how important the following information is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company . three years away from now : the ability to plan , and execute work in a collaborative environment
getting information about this product from this website will be easy .
that it will substantially increase our annual training costs .
importance of activity three years from now : train professionals and educate end users
I feel constant threat to my job security due to new technologies.
shopping on this website would involve more transaction risk ( i . e . , money , hard to return ) when compared with more traditional ways of shopping .
if i can use like a computer i will increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort .
delete a . wk1 file from either a floppy or hard disk drive ?
are projects implemented in order maximize payoff potential ?
very precise - imprecise .
In your job, how important would it be to you to have an element of variety and adventure in the job?
organization only interested as work people do
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is is the most primary focus area of your team in developing this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which , you either agree or disagree with the following statements : this outsourced activity is activity is quite both routine and repetitive .
this section pertains to the involvement of project managers in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent in which you agree and disagree with these following terms : the client assesses the extent to which the vendor team follows the projects plan .
with respect to the vendor leader in this outsourcing process , you indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : if the client team required help , the vendor team would try its utmost to comply .
generally speaking , i want to do what my professors think . i should not do .
our word processing operations are more complex than our data processing operations of peer banks
on average , please indicate the extent to which , and by percent to which , design specifications consist of reused components .
oversee the development efforts of various organizational subunits .
the equipment ( printers , computers , etc ) in the crc is not identical with the other computers i have .
i am excited when i interact with the world - wide web
to help myself in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i consider ( system ) as a ( technology type ) system : efficient - inefficient
can changes in existing data files ( i . e . , changing record size or layout , the addition of some new data fields , or elimination of some old fields ) be easily made without changing all application programs which use these files ?
our systems development methodology helps in implementing developed applications .
in respect of the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to that you accept or disagree in the following statements : the client team has a skill set essential to managing interorganizational relationships .
we am trying to learn as much if i can about frontpage from this session
" to what possible extent is your is department using stradis ( structured analysis , design and automated implementation of information systems ) at present ?
some members of this group believe that you only become a hacker when many others call you a hacker .
too - fast .
using the crc is a : foolish idea - a wise idea .
shopping online also helps me accomplish tasks more quickly .
our systems development methodology allows for us to learn more from our systems development experience .
sensation and thinking ( st )
There is a sense of human contact in the website.
The images used in the website are exciting.
shopping from x ’ s internet site “ which gets even me away from it all ”
and i am obviously not getting as quick a turnaround as i need on requests sent for new reports or data .
i think again that using a pws fits well with the way i like to do work .
and i strongly recommend shopping online to others .
our advanced software development approach approach ( es ) are such that , they can be adapted to the suit the resource levels available to individual projects .
once the trial period is almost over , perhaps i will be interested in continuing to use a smart card payment system in operating my business .
that plan will reduce costs in other areas .
dominant - subordinate relations
The vendor is sincere and genuine.
provide improved service to customers .
firms believe in the size of a network makes it easy to know specific competencies and activities of other members .
inaccessible ? not accessible ?
Dr. X is primarily concerned with getting the job done.
to perform my job effectively , i must pretend not to be irritated at customers even though i may feel that way .
our systems development methodology helps to develop fully usable systems .
a service that will improve on my grades is : bad - good .
Online companies make a reasonable effort to clearly reveal how personal information is collected and used.
atm processing : exclusively atm - exclusively external
Evaluate the length of the product design cycle time before the CPC solution was deployed.
sellers in today ’ s auctions are in general honest .
overall , how enjoyable did we find your experience ?
my teammates and i got along better than most other teams on whom i have worked .
systems meet user expectations in respect of response time , flexibility and ease of use
companies should not use personal information or for any other purpose unless it has been authorized by the individuals who have provided the information .
are you impressed with the accuracy of the student information system ?
In general, this business partner is knowledgeable about their industry and business operations
personnel management .
besides by making complaints about unsatisfactory services , in the long run the quality of the services will also improve .
net market share gains : much better than the main competition - much worse than the competition .
correcting a poor performance
the electronic mail system often behaves in different ways
what is , the extent , to which , it is your responsibility to engage in avoiding releasing information to others in the company to protect the team ’ ' s image and protect the product it is working on ?
the quality of system functionality it originally expected was ; very high - very high .
if our organization required help , this business partner could do their best to provide .
i would intend to see this web site .
our group failed to get the power as it should have been used .
i believe that this website vendor has my best interests on mind .
i could complete the job using any software package if i needed just the built - in help list for assistance .
i expect that using mds would be helpful .
The online site provided sufficient information for the product.
my work environment allows me to complete the larger number of tasks each day .
please rate the effectiveness of your new company development work along with the following activities relative among your major competitors : we carefully interrelate our actions to each other to meet changing needs .
i didn ' t feel that i could learn new skills from a computerized training program
please indicate how important the following is what knowledge , or skills are in supporting the computing technology needs of your current company now : ability to understand the business environment
a non - automated / non - sophisticated trading partner ( s ) .
please rate the overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major business competitors : we carefully interrelate in our actions according to each - other to meet changing conditions .
Some of our operations are closely connected with the ones of our customers
Difficult? Easy?
prevent activities by your key competitors ( 3 = have become far more aggressive ; 4 = no change ; 7 = have become far less hostile ) .
using a pws improves my status within the organization .
your organization has provided the necessary infrastructure for me to use the system .
Reduced data rekeying.
please rate the effectiveness by which your new new product development work unit uses the efficiency of information technology development tools to create multiple parallel workflows so efficient that multiple tasks can be efficiently worked on simultaneously in the new product - development process .
when i have some free information , i often explore new web pages .
how knowledgeable are you about it that business people can contact within your organization as source of information about you ?
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the evaluation of the technical feasibility of developing new products with continuously changing features relative to your major competitors.
our systems development methodology forms the useful standard for our systems development .
Evaluate the cost of overall product development after the CPC solution was deployed.
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is in general, understandable for you in making your purchase decision was …(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
some of our operations are closely connected with the ones outside of our channel 4 partners
defines : the responsibilities of each party .
the tools provided by the site allowed me to communicate with the community .
using the system also improves my performance in my job .
the person providing my dms [MASK] appeared to be an expert on this topic .
members of this group place great value in technical knowledge .
please rate the effectiveness of the npd work unit in the following table relative to your major competitors : we will scan the environment to identify new business models .
please indicate how important the following is research and skills are in supporting basic computing needs of your family three years from now : systems life cycle management
level 1 learning skills required of me to learn to use the machine / system or interpret the information it generates .
and what extent does the final solution reflect your inputs ?
the web site ’ s performance that in general , however is user - friendly was … ( very poor / not very very good )
the information in this e - mail is … complete / currently incomplete
Please rate the effectiveness of your NPD work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: we are quick to respond to significant changes in our competitors’ pricing structures.
Currency of reports.
It is [would be] easy for groups I work with to become skillful at using an EMS.
all in all all , i am satisfied with my job
in general , people really do worry about the well - being of people .
Identity
how much influence can i have in determining how much work you have to complete ?
Relationships with Fellow Employees
" the results of using a pws are apparent to me .
after using the web site , the information that what you obtained made you … ( disappointed / delighted )
tangible rewards given to the team , are ( or will be ) dependent on whether members in the team work on their own , under direct direction from others .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the evaluation of the technical feasibility of creating innovative products with constantly changing features relative against your major competitors .
education for users of the implementation staff
how do you feel about the process by which you develop ideas ?
extent to which you exchange process data or to support changes in product volumes or volumes with ( partner company ) .
our own software development approach ( es ) are such that they both can be adapted to the suit of the resource levels available to individual projects .
this site clearly has showed me how i can contact or communicate with legaladvice . com .
the transaction data transmitted are actually processed by this exchange .
processes responsible for aligning manufacturing strategy to business strategy are ( unique in all or nearly all of the manufacturing units … common across all or almost all of the business units )
Please rate the performance of your New Product Development work unit relative to your major competitors in creation of new product concepts.
market activities of your key competitors ( 1 = have become so far more predictable ; and 4 = no change ; and 7 = have become so far less predictable ) .
how likely are you , within the last next about three years to : refuse to openly give information to a business or company because you think it is way too personal .
using the crc will fit well with the way that i work .
if you use a computer i will become less reliant on clerical support staff .
The SISP output does not capture all the information that was developed during the study.
what exactly is your level of education ?
the tools provided by the site will allow me to provide my evaluation of the product to the target company .
work makes me too tired or irritable to fit in or enjoy my life .
to what particular extent does the ess enable for you to broaden your outlook ?
our software development approach ( es ) are such that they can be easily adapted to the productivity goals required of individual development projects .
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This activity creates a competitive advantage for our organization.
our organization provides extensive documentation to end users on using new technologies .
he trained other users to use this system .
people who are important enough to me would want me to not use mds .
ceo training in information requirements analysis .
our systems development methodology provides a complete tool - set of techniques to be applied .
but the quality of information updatedness i originally expected was ; very low - - very high .
so my interaction with this website was disgusting / enjoyable .
- - - he performs reliably .
Evaluating the product on this website is compatible with how I evaluate products in physical stores.
All things considered, using the Internet TV is … extremely harmful/extremely helpful
Idea generation techniques such as brain storming are used in system design.
in terms of some features of the main site that provide the services you want , using the web site made you … ( very dissatisfied / very satisfied )
importance of activity three years out now : analyze business problems what is solutions
absence of a pc can decrease the time available for my important job responsibilities .
promises made by the government contractors are reliable .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to reinforce your beliefs?
they believe that the ratings & feedback mechanism in amazon ' s auctions is effective .
individuals in our sub group rarely establish informal meetings with people outside their own team . in our sub group , managers of different departments meet frequently to discuss important issues .
after using the web site , the information information that you obtained made you … ( very dissatisfied / very very satisfied )
after using the same application , information that you obtained made you … ( disappointed / delighted )
Cost of adapting software to changes in business
The reputation of a member firm would be damaged if they behaved unacceptably.
setting of the systems priorities to reflect overall organizational objectives
how do you evaluate your company ' s performance in applying pressure to it being a low - cost producer ?
bond accounting systems : exclusively internal - not external
but all things considered , using the internet for tv is … extremely negative / extremely positive
please indicate the extent to this the following mechanisms has been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the range of practices described above : reusability as formal part of employee performance evaluation
--- pulls together information that used to come from different places in the company.
everybody gets cost - conscious
How likely is it that you will visit the website again in the future?
i myself am always challenging myself to learn new concepts
accuracy of the output
we intend to use mds in the future .
the attention of x ’ s internet site is catching ; it picks it up
and it wouldn ’ t bother me to take computer courses .
Interactions between firms are based on mutual trust.
our main competitors who have adopted enterprise resource planning strategies are often favorably perceived by their suppliers and customers .
using dms in my job would be good .
our group meeting was able to reach consensus on how we should use the electronic meeting system system to perform our assigned task .
If I heard about a new information technology, I would look for ways to experiment with it
how much conflict about delegation to tasks exists in your team ?
How effective was your group at evaluating ideas?
IS has the users’ best interests at heart
in our relationship with ( ( partner ) company ) both sides are concerned mainly about each other ’ s profitability .
i am sometimes frustrated by increasing automation in designing my home .
I intend to continue using this system to plan or follow-up on my tasks.
please rate resource effectiveness by which a new product development work unit uses the accurately providing first - time information on resource availability , usage , or cost in your new product development process .
too precise - imprecise .
how likely are people , within the next three years to refuse to sell a product because you disagree with some way a company uses classified information ?
better service with more advantages than disadvantages of : ( bad / good ) .
it really was a complex process .
for me , a web vendor that does not necessarily seek to take advantage because of its customers is important
using a pws improves my image within within the organization .
The amount of time my job takes up makes it difficult to fulfill family responsibilities.
the customer service team at the online store will accept any concerns that i raise .
general ledger : exclusively external - exclusively external
how likely is this that this information system will enable you to take a good decision ?
Using the CRM system will enhance my effectiveness on the job
in general , most folks keep no promises .
i find using this web site interesting .
the training provided me with the opportunity and produce the procedural steps demonstrated in the video .
our group probably used the electronic meeting schedule improperly .
and the planning procedure is rigid .
i predict you would see the system in the next < n > months .
in general , what much does your firm usually want to do what owners / contractors think the firm should do ?
when someone praises this community , it feels like a personal experience .
Compared to Google alone: is useful for searching information on the Web.
in fact , legaladvice . com is quite knowledgeable about the law .
i believe such a web tool will provide more detailed recommendations than an agent .
how much effort ( in time and energy ) did you spend recommending or advocating improvements of this system ’ and interface ?
constant supervision received on the job
I use chat room to talk to people from this community frequently.
reduced inventory requirements .
how much effort ( in time and energy ) did " you spend recommending or suggesting modifications " to your tasks so much that somehow they better fit this system ?
and how do you evaluate your firm ’ s financial performance in applying it to execute outbound logistics ?
most internet vendors do a capable job at meeting customer service needs .
a web site , that is well organized is … ( not important at all / not extremely important )
we use more sophisticated hardware , platforms and multiple systems configurations than most of our peer banks
x ’ s the site is aesthetically appealing
i truly believe that the ratings & feedback review mechanism in amazon australia ’ s auctions is reliable and dependable .
please evaluate the level and knowledge of your firm ' that senior is lacking in your industry ’ s practices .
what processes are there to produce capture and leverage benefits that were once not expected but are discovered ?
using the credit card system enhances the on - - - job effectiveness of me and my clients .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: network
there is a constant drive to improve its operating efficiency .
also please rate the performance of amazon ’ s digital auction sellers on average on those fulfilling these goals : competitive pricing .
the actual process of using this system is pleasant .
changing this business process does not affect changing our other processes .
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later construction phases .
if i use a computer i will increase in my effectiveness on the job
based on the reports provided to inform you about the new web site , do you expect information on the web - site to be in general , reliable for making your initial purchase decision ?
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing technology needs of your company three years from now : ability ... to plan , to organize and lead projects
i am not sure i trust any auction seller to deliver their auction product
sending electronic mail improves my job performance
his attitude toward people - - - is ( very unfavorable / very favorable )
What processes are there to capture and leverage benefits that were not expected but are discovered?
level 1 learning skills required of me to learn to use the software / system or interpret the information software generates .
how often is your chief executive successful in overcoming restrictions in getting all the things you needed in your job in this project ( such as equipment , materials , resources , etc . ) ?
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: easy to learn-difficult to learn
right now staying with my organization is a matter of pride so much as desire .
working in this distributed team environment is helping me to learn how to streamline the team ’ s internal business processes .
is - manager knowledge : how informed are your is management team about business operations of the unit ?
I intend to use the system in the next <n> months.
When companies ask me for my personal information, I sometimes think twice before providing it.
the information within the auction listing is very easy to read
people around who influence my behavior would think i should use mds .
to what great extent does using the ess enable you to validate your point of view ?
Hot? Cold?
to become members of join the network , candidate member firms must have skills / expertise levels that are beneficial to the existing members .
data are entered only once , to be retrieved quickly by most applications of our channel partners
dr . x has low levels of conflict .
by reducing costs
using the crc will blend well with the way i work .
this section pertains to the usage of development plans under this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the degree to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : performance appraisal of the project team by a client team is based , in part , on an extent to which the vendor partner follows the development plan .
and rate your overall knowledge about local area networks ( lans ) .
i could complete the job using a software package if i really had just never ever used a package like it before .
tmt members : i share our mutual interests ( sports , hobbies , cultural interests , etc )
a web site which is responsive to your request is … ( not available at times / extremely important )
using the www is only natural to me .
we already use our internet for procurement purposes .
Using the CRC would be: (unpleasant/ pleasant).
i would like the idea of using this web application .
if you are the highly effective performer in a current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you may have good future job security : . . .
I am concerned about misuse of personal information.
Our group’s use of the EMS is faithful to its original design.
convenience public access
i am concerned with misuse of my credit card .
and i get such a sinking feeling when i think of trying to use a computer .
Firms believe that their reputation outside of the network is enhanced by their membership of the network.
on average , please rate against the performance of amazon ’ ' s / ebay ’ s auction sellers , in terms of offering high quality products .
i expect my personal information to be adequately protected when i purchase this product from your web site .
how do you evaluate your experience ’ and performance in applying it to support enhancing customer linkages ?
hot ? ice cold ?
the team is faced with a nonroutine problem .
i expect that i would use mds in the near future .
based largely on the reports provided to you about the web site , how do you expect that the web site quickly loads all text and all graphics ?
how likely is is it that this information system will enable you to make a good business decision ?
resources are provided for computing activities
--- produces comprehensive information.
how most likely is it that you will take these steps during the next year , to secure a job at a different company ?
some would characterize the vendor as honest .
using a crm system goes against what i believe they should be used for
using mds would improve my chances of achieving things that were important to me .
how would you describe your group ’ ' s problem solving and process ? efficient / inefficient
these system is units will be dependable
this quality of the promptness of the support that i experienced was ; very low - very poor .
project goals are outlined at the beginning of the project .
The person providing the DMS training was trustworthy.
I feel comfortable using the Internet TV even if there is no one around me to tell me how to use it
in general , we am not interested in trying out new web services .
our systems development methodology helps to build more efficient systems .
i had taken the opportunity to summarize all the key aspects of demonstrated computer operations .
we sacrifice current profitability to increase market share .
based on the reports provided to you about your web site , do you expect that an online site in general , is user friendly ?
with respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , we indicate the extent to which you support or disagree with the above statements : a customer team is interested in the client group ’ s well - being , not in their own .
I would have difficulty explaining why using a PWS may or may not be beneficial.
there are constant improvements in computer hardware in our organization .
Considering new systems that have been operational for one or two years, to what extent have you been successful in reducing the systems analysis and programming man-hours devoted to these projects after the development phase?
the kids on this team get on my nerves .
it therefore is likely that i will actually only bid for products from sellers in amazon ’ ' s auctions in the near future .
the methodology still lacks sufficient computer support .
performance on this task is dependent upon receiving accurate information from others .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment ) of tasks ) , and overall , i ( feel ( system ) as a ( technology ) type ) is : effective - ineffective
good tolerance for ambiguity
in addition , it can be risky to give ( the information ) to online companies .
their physical facilities will be visually .
achieving a reasonable level of agreement regarding the risks / tradeoffs among proposed projects .
i believe other people are too damn much concerned with online privacy issues .
the layout of the auction listing is .
my work experience allows me to improve my overall work performance .
structural improvements .
I vary the information I look at in the ESS.
based solely on all the advice i just read , i probably would serve notice , wait , go ahead and just get the repair done , and then deduct the total cost of the repair from my rent .
Users actively participate in identifying input/output needs.
Data security and privacy
using the mobile internet tv improves my performance for communication and information search
Information that is sufficient for your purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
Using the system is a (bad/good) idea.
I can save money by using this website.
emphasizing quality control of output
difficulties in transferring computer - - based program data between microcomputers and larger computers .
please discuss the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following section : with your major competitors : group members are assigned to projects commensurate with their task - relevant knowledge or skills .
After projects are implemented, are major reprogramming efforts necessary to improve processing efficiency?
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is informative to your purchase decision was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
what is your general knowledge , of lan ?
time to learn
using electronic mail enhances ( would also enhance ) my effectiveness while on the job .
i intend to use dms [MASK] on my job interview within the next one month .
It is pleasant to follow the overall flow.
I was permitted to use a PWS on a trial basis long enough to see what it could do.
network membership is designed to enhance overall the reputation of member firms .
and the quality of system ease of integration with the other computer systems i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
the training provided information that motivated me later to use excel .
i like to just have maximum product availability .
my experience with using the www site was better than what i expected .
the open workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily change identifiers on knowledge as repository as team ’ and ideas evolve over years .
selecting digital cameras as the virtual advisor was too complex
also using the same exact card system enhances the on - the - job effectiveness of me personally and my staff .
overall , the site worked very well technically .
all the personal information in computer databases should be double - checked to accuracy - no idea what much this costs .
how knowledgeable is the tmt about our potential and limitations of what is ?
for me , a web company that may not seek to take advantage of its customers is important
regular training in quality management tools and techniques . is given also to is personnel .
to give aid to me both in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : easy - to master - difficult to master
A service that fits into my workstyle is: (bad/good).
it is convenient to make these exchanges and obtain refunds for the purchased goods , and services .
to your firm , using her in the next 6 months would mean : hard to arrange - complicated to arrange .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills that are involved in supporting the cloud computing needs of your company now : systems analysis / structured analysis
promote improved competitiveness .
ordered items are delivered automatically at the promised time .
i intend and continue using the internet tv , email , browsing , or searching during my next three months
I am motivated to learn the training material in this  class.
potential of physical strain to suffer ( e . g . , eye pain , pain in the neck / back / face / hand / shoulder / legs ) .
faced now with a highly difficult and legal situation , i would be willing to pay to access information available on the legaladvice . com web site .
for me , a personal website that is very useful in purchasing products is important .
the film is visually appealing .
she am likely to make another purchase from this and if i need the products , i will buy .
select out specific records from a lotus database according only to a specified quality criterion ?
a website would be useful in purchasing this product .
the processes for ordering goods and services are convenient .
Simple - complex.
efficient operation of current systems ( costs , duration of use , documentation , maintenance )
setting new expectations
we have successfully merged all of our software applications with the ones of our channel partners
i have not seen many others using a pws gun in just my department .
my interaction with the system was clear and understandable .
using just the exact card system it is compatible with all aspects of my business ’ sales transactions .
i feel that i am not very productive in my work environment .
how credible was the logic chain linking the benefits claimed with the direct outputs from the work ?
the quality of information accuracy i had expected was ; very low - very good .
promoting competitiveness .
or what extent are people willing to use this device to retrieve highly personal and password - protected financial information ( e . t . , using websites that allow you to access my email account or my credit card account ) ?
the quality of information timeliness i originally expected for was ; very low - or very high .
to what extent does the final solution reflect on your inputs ?
importance of activity now : support existing portfolio with applications
please rate the performance of your new product development work unit relative to your major market competitors in making improvements in product quality / service functionality .
we have enhanced with it competence .
I try to avoid situations  that require thinking in-depth about something.
due to work - related scheduling duties , i have to constantly make changes to my plans for family activities .
being able to carefully evaluate this product would make it much more possible / easier for me to obtain this product from this web vendor .
a project manager keeps constant watchful eye on how each project is progressing , and alerts the team when he / she notices things which could been done to improve the team performance .
developing enterprise resource resources in our company required an overall change in corporate values , norms and culture within the company .
our way of doing business is closely linked with our culture ’
it usually bothers me when insurance companies ask me about personal information .
consumer control of personal information lies at the heart of consumer data privacy .
to which extent does the content of the e - mail motivate you to take it ?
use of a pc will increase players the opportunity to gain job security .
each small business received one - fourth of its gross revenue in the form retail sales . an owner reported only one - half of the cash receipts for income tax purposes .
evaluate the length of the product design cycle long before the new solution was deployed .
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is valuable to your business decision : … ( very poor / very poor )
setting an example example
What is the percentage for microcomputers linked by LANS?
i am comfortable letting other team members often take responsibility for tasks which are critical to the project , or even times when i cannot monitor them .
but i am concerned that a person can find private information about me on the free internet .
for those who formulate strategic is plans and are most responsible for their implementation .
when i use a computer i will increase my chances of getting a job .
user satisfaction is an important factor in determining future rewards for information systems and personnel .
employees will always be very willing to help users
I would be happy to spend the rest of my career in this organization.
i will probably just look for a job offer at a different company in the next year .
how do you evaluate ' your firm ' ' s performance in applying it to execute sales ?
i was concerned about vendor legitimacy .
How much the same are the day-to-day situations, problems, or issues you encounter in performing your major tasks (how much variability is there in your tasks or job)?
i have had plenty of opportunity to see the pws as built .
some employees give prompt service to users
i would find it more convenient to use this web browser , than an agent .
To become members of the network, candidate firms must have skills/expertise that are beneficial to the existing members.
please indicate the extent of enterprise resource planning used by your company ’ s suppliers .
i also find using booksamillion . com useful .
use of a pc can decrease the personal time needed waiting for my important job responsibilities .
becoming skillful with making good purchasing decisions on the web would make it much less difficult / easier for me to purchase this software from a web vendor .
evaluate the typical number of new product design features before a cpc solution was announced .
although it might be very helpful , using only a pws is certainly not compulsory in my job .
our systems development methodology tells me about the activities / phases of systems development .
that it will produce resistance among people .
shares best industry practices . you ( customer ) .
it is easy for me , remember how to perform tasks using the electronic .
reduced need for more cash - on - - hand ( “ float ” ) .
having the time needed would make it much more difficult / difficult for research and get information about this product .
we feel that any number of requests , problems , or complaints i meet with is more than expected .
based on the reports provided to you about the main site , do you consider information on that web site to be credible ?
our group failed to use an electronic meeting system when it should have been used .
Performance standards are revised annually/regularly
sellers in amazon ' ’ s / ebay market ’ s auctions are in general honest .
I tried to recall the key ideas from earlier in the tutorial
please indicate most important the following is that or that are in supporting the computing needs of your company 20 years from now : ability to plan , organize & write clear , concise , effective memos , documents , & documentations
interactions between the firms are based on mutual trust .
but please indicate how important the following thing is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing and needs of your company now : operating systems : micros
ceo ' s s role in corporate it steering committee
man ’ s capacity to justice makes democracy possible ; but man ’ whose inclination towards injustice makes democracy necessary .
there was no conflict in our work group , regarding how we should incorporate even the electronic meeting system into our work .
crc will likely be of no benefit to me .
but the project completion time would be .
My staff and I find the Exact card system easy to use.
here are many exceptions regarding the rules and procedures of the business process .
To become members of the network, candidate firms must demonstrate commitment to the ideals of open source software.
Retreats
the team is addressing questions that have never been asked before in it quite that form before .
the award is designed to enable members to gain access to professional skills / expertise of other members .
i would feel safe giving ( the key ) to online companies .
IS employees have the knowledge to do their job well
the web server ’ s performance in providing information which is easy to use was … ( much lower than you did / much higher than you thought )
The organization has provided the necessary resources for me to use the system.
how likely are you , within the next three years to : decide if not to apply , for something , like a job , credit , or life insurance , simply because you do not want them to provide certain certain kinds of information about yourself .
in general , some people really do care deeply about the well - being of others .
i am confident that my business card payments are safe in case of disputed purchases by sellers in amazon ’ s auction houses .
providing online firms with ( with the information ) would involve so many unexpected problems .
I was able to concentrate on the video demonstration.
i believe that the professional people does a very good job at their work .
other online companies make a more reasonable effort to clearly reveal how personal information is collected and used .
i feel that i could count on legaladvice . com resources to also help me with a crucial legal problem .
the opportunity to extend the range of abilities is important to me
i feel that i can lose my team members completely .
management control exercised over the project .
this task can be planned with very little need to coordinate with others .
ceo involvement in monitoring the project .
finding the virtual workspace or repository used frequently by the team enabled me to easily find specific entries in repositories that have not been actively contributed by specific individuals .
this potential seller is likely to be credible .
the appearance and the physical facilities of the four units will be in keeping with the kind of services provided
i would like having maximum product variety .
the appearance of the physical parts of the is units will be in keeping with the kind of services .
the following may ask you how you would characterize it when you used computers : uninventive
I like the product that I’ve just examined.
i could complete the job using a computer program if i had seen someone else using it before trying to myself .
purchasing this product from this web based vendor would save me money within the next few 30 days .
the performance of a web site performance is a clear decision was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
the performance of the web site that in general , is easy to navigate was … ( much lower then you thought / or higher than i did )
this task requires frequent coordination with the effort of training .
The greater my interest to obtain a certain information or service from the Internet, the more I tend to suppress my privacy concerns.
Direct report
schedule of activity three years from now : manage / plan corporate is [MASK] , strategic applications , technology .
data that would be very useful to me is unavailable because i do not have the exact right authorization .
we am concerned about threats to my personal privacy today .
We have a set of agreed upon coding standards in this team.
if i was faced with a similar possible purchasing decision in the future , then i would use this data exchange system again .
this is the degree to which it is our responsibility to engage in persuading others to support the team ' s decisions ?
your own degree of control over computer resources
Performance standards have been established for testing
currency ( up - to - dateness ) of output of information
quality data is systematically being used in managing systems development .
our systems development methodology helps to organize system development projects .
Using Electronic Mail enhances (would enhance) my effectiveness on the job.
business skills training is given to the is personnel .
online companies have a reasonable commitment to prevent unauthorized access to personal information stored in their databases .
i could apply new technical concepts that only i learned from a computerized training program
this site itself is trustworthy .
i believe that i also have the unique ability to use a spreadsheet to share numeric information with others .
my interaction with the electronic mail system is easy for people to understand
the extent to which this community helps you to make change .
Supplier that shares their proprietary information with you.
effectiveness in managing risk .
a situation that is advantageous with : ( bad / good ) .
how likely is it that this new information system will enable you all to make a good decision ?
how do you really feel about your overall experience of the purchase ? through this website : absolutely terrible - but absolutely delighted .
usually involving cost displacement or cost reduction .
Relative to other comparable IS projects, how did your most recently completed project rate on adherence to budgets?
What the costs of the project would be.
positive attitude that is personnel toward users
limited scope change without additional charge .
using a pws is not completely compatible with my current situation .
i typically take the same route path through the ess .
the project manager is clear and enthusiastic about where he or she wants our design team to operate .
sometimes the project manager goes out of his or her her way to consult with other team members , and to seek their ideas and advice .
michael ' s vision for it
using this also enhanced my effectiveness in shopping .
right now , to what extent do you feel so afraid ?
there are a sufficient number of trustworthy external services - providers who could help provide is facilities and services to our .
my intentions are to continue by using the www , rather than use any alternative technology .
Some of our operations are closely connected with the ones of our channel partners
significant weight will be placed on project completion to meet client requirements .
the planning and exercise takes very long .
strategic planning for is [MASK] is initiated at the highest levels of the national organization .
I am concerned that companies are collecting too much personal information about me.
overall , i find the electronic mail system useful in my new job
i will purchase the product . next time you need a sports watch .
i am always challenging you to learn new concepts
team dr . x encourages people to work as a team .
Using Electronic Mail makes it (would make it)easier to do my job.
data files are entered only once to be retrieved by most other applications of our channel partners
A service that is difficult to learn is: bad - good.
I believe that online privacy is invaded when control is lost or unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction.
anyone on this developer team can change existing code at any time .
dr . x has a real interest in the welfare and overall job satisfaction of all those who work under under him .
top management involvement in monitoring and monitoring is policies
please also rate the effectiveness performance of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your two major competitors : ... we effectively interrelate our activities to better manage rapidly changing conditions .
interpersonal communication communication
frequently , it is necessary to spend a fair amount of energy deciding about how best i address each business problem before i begin an analysis .
i find it easy enough to get the crm system to do what i want it to . do
the training will help me be more carefully at my ease when working with computers .
most internet retailers and online auction sellers keep promises and commitments .
but i find booksamillion . com easy to use .
are you satisfied with the accuracy of all the student information system ?
the computing device that you use
the tools provided by the site helped me control the use for my product .
i feel our personal life is being invaded by this technology .
on average , please indicate the extent to which , and in percent of which , the specifications consist of reused components .
having an exact card system is my status symbol among the kids i know .
they indicate the frequency with which you instruct the tools to remove a portion of the design to prevent it from changes .
to what extent does the content of the e - mail mail motivate you to take further action ?
i believe i do have the ability to simply write a simple mathematical formula in a spreadsheet to perform mathematical calculations .
I am likely to make another purchase from this site in the next year.
i felt so lost .
Before deciding whether to use any PWS applications, I was able to properly try them out.
please indicate how important the following core knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of the company three years to now : a specific query language
are there any quality assurance processes planned for the program ?
it usually bothers with me when online companies ask me for my personal information .
" i would have greater confidence in the possible explanations provided on such web sites than those being offered by an agent .
Transfers business know-how to you (supplier).
when people give you information about a company for some reason , the company should never use the information to any other purpose .
it offers free custom - made communication services to individual users .
reduced operating costs .
i expect the speed by which this website would provide data to be high enough .
during our last visit to booksamillion . com i concentrated only on the activity .
and dr . x has a real interest both in the welfare and overall life satisfaction of those who work under him .
This business partner is interesting in our organization’s well being and not just its own
they face opposition from elected officials .
the software and applications currently used in this business process , are specific to our firm .
this section pertains to the situational settings engaged in using this outsourcing arrangement . please also indicate the full extent to certain which you agree or disagree with the two following statements : client team members influence the tasks and activities of both the vendor client team during unscheduled and informal interactions around the office .
the printers recommend that you use
can changes in data files ( i . e . , record size or type , addition to new data fields , or elimination of existing fields ) be made by changing the application programs which use such files ?
to become members of the global network , candidate software firms must demonstrate commitment to the ideals typical of open source software .
identifying ways to serve within the enterprise with new information products and technological services occupies also a considerable amount of our is group ' s time .
Precision of output
i would expect this website to help me get a more real feel for this product .
that it will not produce resistance among employees .
books count only once when an author has written multiple books in one or more more areas and / or when the books are established together as among the top in the field ( s ) .
i still feel that i am a part of the team .
using a crm system will make it easier to do my job
i intend to continue using the system to exchange with other people .
i am doing much more than my share of the work required for our team .
by the time that your organization was being encouraged to adopt edi , approximately half of their purchases ( dollar value ) were from this firm ?
i am anxious and concerned the growing pace of automation in the world .
i show by my actions that i really do care about the fate of this entire organization .
using the pws improves my job performance .
The technical competence of the support service people I experienced was; very low-very high.
do you realize that systems are documented as they are designed for review and control purposes , than after they are implemented ?
Processes used for managing relationships between the IT department and the business units are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
data security / privacy
using a computer is an efficient way for me to learn new new things
if i ever was faced with a similar purchasing decision again in the future , i would use this same data exchange again .
I find (system) useful in my (task completion).
' we did not use the ems in the most appropriate fashion .
the amount of physical physical strain i suffer ( e . g . , an eye strain , or pain in the neck / back / wrist / hand / shoulder / legs ) .
i am not satisfied in the progress we are making in completing this project .
my original developers for the electronic meeting system would view our group ’ s use of the internet as inappropriate .
after using this web site , i really am feeling … ( very dissatisfied / very satisfied )
i like to avoid situations that require thinking in - class about something .
approximately what percent any of the larger organizations in your industry use edi for purchasing ?
to trust that online companies would keep my best interests in mind when dealing with ( the internet )
our integrated development methodology defines our desired systems development practice .
We are satisfied with our overall benefits from outsourcing.
Easy to learn
information technology planning : exclusively internally - exclusively external
using ( system ) as a ( technology / type ) enables more me [MASK] to ( accomplish tasks ) more quickly .
Using DMS in my job will be good.
using the crc will fit well with any way i work .
We develop strong relationships with our suppliers.
the degree of understanding i have about a system
the virtual workspace or repository used by the project team enabled - me to easily identify historical historical connections between entries .
Our major suppliers can electronically process business documents (e.g., invoices, designs, POs).
once the trial time period is over , then i will arrange to permanently adopt a smart card payment system as as soon as possible .
in terms of the features in the web site that provide the information people need , using the internet site made you feel ( frustrated / contented )
i believe such a web tool would probably provide more objective recommendations than an intelligence agent .
i am not entirely confident myself about my decision reached for the appraisal task .
Emphasizing Quality of Output
to what degree are there differences of opinions regarding tasks ?
merchants who use only the exact card payment system have more prestige than those who do not .
My group used the EMS as originally intended by the creators.
" our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with our organization
the quality of information accessibility as originally expected was ; extremely low - very high .
while using the web , i found my visit fun .
IS employees are never too busy to respond to users’ requests
specify the extent to what which you would reveal ( the necessary information ) through the internet : possible - almost impossible .
Members of the team have made considerable emotional investments in our working relationships.
for this adjective , please circle the word that best matches a description in mathematics when you work with microcomputers : uninventive
monitoring of internal business needs ; and the capability of is to meet all those needs .
Overall, this site worked very well technically.
reduction costs in production - goods procurement costs .
we should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in the files is accurate .
people have a moral responsibility to tell companies when a service they can receive is unsatisfactory .
but our software development approach ( es ) methods are such that they permit a range of responses to different different types of technologies .
CEO involvement in information requirements analysis.
task forces are also frequently used by our is group to help handle critical issues .
to to what extent ? do you believe that the communication that you provided to your project executive regarding the new project status was : untimely - timely .
generally speaking , i feel satisfied with this new job .
I like having maximum product variety.
companies should have better procedures to detect errors in personal information .
the set up by the crc will be compatible with the algorithms i work with : ( bad / good ) .
the specifications for the production goods we procure are simple .
requirements identified toward the beginning of the program were quite different from those toward the end .
we periodically identify bugs and eliminate redundancies in the software code .
using electronic mail improves on my job performance
companies should take more steps to make sure that the current personal identity information in their files is accurate .
- - - provides information of a timely fashion .
Overall, I am happy with X’s prices
I expect the layout of this website to be intuitive.
The tools provided by the site help me better figure out my product requirements.
- - - provides me with all of the information i need .
the web site kept me totally absorbed in my browsing .
there was a constant drive to improve operating efficiency .
the web - site site ’ s performance that in general , is easy to navigate was … ( very - poor / very good )
and the performance of finding the web site that is easy to go bounce back back and forth between pages was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
it is important to minimize time to select such a product .
but i had limited control over the way this virtual advisor made recommendations
how well did the contractors deliver what they promised us in terms of providing applications development services specified only in the sla ?
increased overall long term flexibility of software .
several standards have been established for testing
if software would be compatible with java .
increasing the proportion of is department ’ s effort expended is in - creating new systems
please find using booksamillion . com useful .
i can rely on some information in this auction listing
the activities of your key competitors ( 1 = have become far more hostile ; 6 = have change ; 7 = have become far more hostile ) .
people who influence my behavior would think i really should use mds .
the senior management of the firm believes that enterprise resource use has the potential to provide significant business benefits for the firm .
used to aid to me in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as system a ( information technology type ) is : flexible to interact with - rigid to interact more with
It maintains my personal information, so I can make repeated orders more conveniently.
online companies should devote particular attention / effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases .
please rate the effectiveness of the npd service unit in the following activities relative with your major activities : we periodically review the likely effect of competition in our business environment on customers .
groups i work with find [ would find ] this easy to get an ems team see what they want [ would allow ] it to do .
all your personal information in computer databases should be cross - checked for accuracy , no matter how much this costs .
in your relationship . ( partner company ) what percentage the inventory procedures were changed to suit each other ’ and needs ?
i look at the information contained here in the ess file as the mood strikes me .
Team Orientation
- - - is versatile in addressing needs when they arise .
written guidelines helps to structure strategic is planning in our organization .
Completeness of reports.
Our suppliers have computerized their order management process.
the electronic mail service addresses my job - related needs
computers make me feel beautiful .
often our suppliers can electronically process their business process documents ( e . g . , invoices , designs , pos ) .
members in this group believe it is inappropriate to distribute code changes without going through its proper channels .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to support being a low-cost producer?
In terms of system quality, I would rate --- highly.
users are satisfied with the high overall quality of the systems
Our systems development methodology helps to estimate the project risks.
they will devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the source information in their databases .
please indicate how important a following is knowledge and skills are in supporting the specific needs of your company now : ability to focus on technology as a beginning , not an end
how likely are you , within the next three years to decide not and look for something like a job , credit , or insurance because you do not want into provide certain kinds of services on yourself ?
distant ? too close ?
please indicate the frequency with which you search the design file for redundancies using an entity name list .
and the web site held my attention .
if you are a more effective performer in your new job , their likelihood ( probability ) that you must frequently work overtime to meet deadline is . . .
I prefer to do something that challenges my thinking abilities rather than something that requires little thought.
overall , how much personal influence do you have on this system ?
my using the crm system is different from other experiences i have had
for me , learning about how to purchase products easily from within a web vendor is important .
Retreats
using on a pws improves the quality of work i do .
what is precisely the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in controlling the release of information from the team in an effort to actually present them the profile you want to actually show ?
is that is dependable
using a pws is not compatible with my current situation .
if the information in this e - - mail is … informative / uninformative
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus activity of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which you agree or you disagree , with the following following statements : business processes that they are most likely closely associated closely with this outsourced is activity are most likely able to remain fairly stable in the short - term .
the quality of system and ease of the integration with other systems i experienced was ; very very low - very high .
importance of activity now : integrate data sources ( e . g . , video , images )
when an important legal issue or problem arose , i would feel comfortable depending on the details provided at legaladvice . com .
i intend to continue using this system to address various problems .
becoming skillful at making good purchasing decisions on the web would make them much more accessible / easier for me then purchase this product from this same vendor .
This business partner is sincere and genuine
i would be more comfortable filing a claim through the web than through any agent .
how likely are for you , then within the next three years to : decide , not to apply for something , something like a job , or credit , or insurance , because you do not want to provide certain kinds of personal information about yourself .
the importance of activity : three years from now : analyze business problems and is solutions
using the exact card payment system fits with our business ’ work style .
what could you believe about the risk for regular internet users due to the possibility that personal information could get made available to unknown persons or companies without your knowledge ?
Retreats
My interaction with this website was dull/exciting.
the degree of system ease in integration with other systems he experienced was ; very low - very high .
the data provided by the systems meets user expectations
i believe i have the same ability to manipulate people the way a number appears in a spreadsheet .
i wish i had more time to do things for the better .
There is a sense of sociability in the website.
using the crc is a ( wise / wise ) idea .
What is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in controlling the release of information from the team in an effort to present the profile you want to show?
Our systems development methodology helps to get the systems accepted.
how satisfied exactly were you with the eventual outcome of your team ’ s project ?
overall , how do you feel about the new website , that you identified : frustrated - contented .
functionality improvements were very likely in our production goods .
highly satisfied about cash flow .
training progressed from facts to a conclusion .
having such an exact card system is a status symbol among the merchants that i know .
it was possible for me to be the product of my imagination easily .
in interacting effectively with customers , i must suppress irritation i may feel .
in our relationship with ( partner / company ) , should we share confidential information if we feel it can best help our business partner .
information systems quality management has clear quality objectives .
the shared workspace or repository used by his team enabled me to easily identify historical connections to entries .
the proper on - - - job tryout of the various uses of the pws is not available .
I feel that I could count on LegalAdvice.com to help with a crucial legal problem.
how do you actually evaluate evaluating your firm ' s performance in applying it to execute inbound logistics ?
Overall, I find using a PWS to be advantageous in my job.
the importance of activity three years from now : support existing portfolio of applications
i would find chart - master useful in my .
- - - can be adapted to meet quite a variety of needs .
how much power do you hold in determining how much work you have to complete ?
based on the reports provided to you about managing the web site , how do you expect that the web site is easy enough to use ?
his website is visually appealing .
using a pws enhances my effectiveness for the job .
I believe that it is easy to get a PWS to do what I want it to do.
the crm system allows me to work in the way i prefer
we feel emotionally drained when i get home from work .
and to what extent does the ess enable you now to expand your scope ?
are high payoff projects better implemented before projects with less benefit delivered to the organization ?
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We are successful in learning new things within this group.
revenue growth : much better for direct competition - much worse than the competition .
as you indicated above , outsourced activity is the main activity for your team in this outsourcing arrangement . in regard to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to whom you agree or disagree with the following statements : this outsourced is and is quite routine and repetitive .
Users will feel safe in their transactions with these IS units employees
i would find mds to still be easy to use .
the overall atmosphere and screen displays of the sites are highly coordinated .
my present interaction with chart - master would be clear and understandable
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit in your following activities relative to your major competitors : we devote a lot of time implementing ideas for existing products , building upon existing products .
working in this distributed team is helping you learn how to support the efforts of everyone on my team .
the extent to which this information helps you to make decisions .
overall , using this website is useful in online shopping .
job competence : is only criterion in hiring people
i just trust them until they give me a reason not to trust them .
Using the CRC will improve my grades.
how many reporting levels are between you and with the ceo ?
the web - site ’ s performance that is relatively easy to just go back and forth between pages was … ( very poor / very good )
team members in my distributed network are willing to work if you need it .
the business plans are not flexible enough to take into account unanticipated changes in their organization and operating environment .
and the tools provided by the site let in me upgrade the product and know if my requirements change .
interesting .
if you exert a great effort , your likelihood ( probability ) of you will be a highly effective leader in your job is . . .
Projects usually overrun budgeted costs
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to support entering new markets?
this website contains product information is exciting to senses .
companies should never sell the personal information in our computer databases to pharmaceutical companies .
i feel comfortable using an internet tv on my own
speed of adapting software to changes in technology .
pcs are okay for some jobs but not what kind damn job i want .
perhaps i would find chart - master to be flexible to interact with
the images , and typographies used extensively in the sites are stylish .
to what extent do you feel yourself personally responsible for the correctness value of the group solution ?
level of constant work pressure and the stress i face ( e . g . , updating it skills , information storage and work overload , and routine electronic monitoring ) .
to further aid me in my ( accomplishment of the tasks ) , overall , i would feel ( this system ) as a ( technology type ) is : easy to manipulate - difficult to manipulate
are all these the initiatives needed to realize benefits , and how these will be best tackled , identified in designing the program ?
i believe i have the ability to properly use and understand the stem cell references in a spreadsheet .
to what extent can we follow standard operating procedures or practices to do your major tasks for the last 3 months ?
i too am familiar with the process of purchasing from this site .
based largely on the reports provided to you about the web site , do think you expect information on the web site itself to be easy to read ?
relationship with other parties in the development project ( including ceo , users , consultant ) .
i choose to use this website whenever i need to make a purchase
after they are implemented , will it apparent that an alternative design could have better served the user ?
the personal computer that you must work with
using this website enables businesses to accomplish a shopping task more efficiently than using traditional stores .
the use of a steering committee for developing and monitoring the information system
How likely are you, within the next three years to: write or call an elected official or consumer organization to complain about the way companies use personal information.
I feel emotionally drained from my work.
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on the speed of response to new customer needs?
the performance of the web site site that is responsive to your request was : … ( much significantly lower than what you thought / much higher than you thought )
i expect that using mds would be useful .
the website is also visually appealing .
overall groups i work together with find [ or would find ] an ems easy to use .
i find that personal interest expressed in the information that i want to obtain from the internet overrides my concerns of possible privacy risk or vulnerability that fear i may have regarding invading my own privacy .
i believe you have the ability to write a basic formula on a spreadsheet to perform mathematical calculations .
given the resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes to successfully use up the system , it would be easy for me to use the entire system .
i must act like i care about customers ’ concerns even when i still find making it hard to be overly interested .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: increased flexibility
Confidential - public.
training progressed in examples to general conclusion .
in general , a web site that provides good access , is called … ( not important at - all / extremely important )
for this system , the i defined / helped define screen layouts .
the importance of activity three years from now : implement system evaluation processes
to what end did you gain confidence and trust in your project manager regarding his / her general fairness ?
once the trial period is complete , i don ’ t see any need to continue to use a smart card payment scheme in my business .
Our business relationship with [vendor name] is characterized by high levels of trust
i feel i have to rush to getting everything done each day .
- - - returns answers to my requests rather quickly .
very personal - impersonal .
i plan to use the system for the first < n > months .
i do something that are apt to be done by one person and not accepted by others .
" the crc will improve my grades .
working with pcs is often so complicated , it is difficult trying to understand what is going on .
My use of a PWS is voluntary (as opposed to required by my superiors or job description).
and using dms in my job is a good idea .
in a relationship with ( partner company ) , we share confidential information if we believe it can help a business partner .
i had the opportunity to summarize the many aspects of demonstrated covert operations .
a trend for a web site that has a simple layout for its contents was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
how strong an approach is the business taking toward realizing benefits ?
- - - is versatile in addressing needs as when they arise .
My interaction with this website was disgusting/enjoyable.
This section pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Client team members influence the tasks and activities of the vendor team during unscheduled and informal interactions around the office.
sometimes the methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about organization site .
compared to your competitors , how does your government rate on the speed at which new global markets can be built ?
skill needed on this job
the processes of ordering of goods and services are convenient .
our main competitors who have used enterprise resource planning are favorably perceived than others in the same industry .
i am not able to organize my schoolwork
it also is very much important to me that i am aware and knowledgeable about how my personal financial information will be used .
CEO's knowledge of competitors' use of IT
Our group failed to use the EMS as it should have been used.
we have ( or expect , have ) some amount of communication with the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) and us .
our business relationship with [ vendor name ] is characterized by a level of trust
they will provide up - to - date hardware and software
our firm has automated in the ordering process for all production goods ( raw materials ) .
solves problems requiring minimal involvement from you ( customer ) .
amazon . com makes it easier to shop for it .
and using this website enhanced my effectiveness in shopping .
this knowledge would enhance my skill in getting useful information about this product .
How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting modifications to this system so that it better fits your tasks?
to what extent does the ess enable you to validate our points of view ?
to be effective in my job , i must not demonstrate how agitated you may be with customers .
there is no difference between the ordered items and the delivered goods .
information that is easy to comprehend is … ( very important after all / extremely important )
another time .
integrated processes also exist to ensure that product life - cycle processes are identified and not planned concurrently with design , before the cpc solution was deployed .
i believe i have the extraordinary ability to manipulate the way a random number appears in a spreadsheet .
and this main section pertains to the widespread usage of requirements documentation provided for by the client in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate to the extent to which you agree or disagree with in the following statements : performance appraisal of the vendor team is dependent , in large part , on the extent to date which they meet with the requirements provided by the client .
faced with a difficult international legal situation , that required me to hire a lawyer ( for quite a fee ) , i would instead use the firm backing legaladvice . com .
please indicate how important the following is what knowledge or skills are in to supporting the computing technology needs of your company three years from now : systems integration
accessible ? accessible ?
our systems development methodology helps to capture data for the system to get developed .
when i was just using ms excel , i used different features that helped me test different assumptions in the same data .
it didn ’ t bother me to take computer courses .
legaladvice . com also performs its role of not giving legal advice very well .
right now , to what great extent do you feel upset ?
there is a sense of human contact in this website .
the quality of the system reliability i originally expected , was ; very low - very high .
my teammates and i get along more than most other sports on which i have worked .
how knowledgeable are you on using my mail ?
CEO's knowledge of IT opportunities in the firm
the information on the website is pretty much exactly what exactly i need to carry out my tasks .
some parts of our operations are closely connected with the ones of our other channel partners
but the other members of the group don ' t seem to even respect my contributions .
Strategic IS planning is viewed as a means of controlling the growth of technology.
... how do do you evaluate your firm ' ' s performance in applying it to support enhancing existing products / service ?
i was going to use a pws on the trial basis long enough , see what it could do .
for this adjective , please circle the number that best matches a description of how as people interact to microcomputers : unimaginative
I think that using a PWS fits well with the way I like to work.
Convenience of access.
when users have created a problem , is shows a more sincere interest in solving it
It is a complex and difficult task for your firm to find staff with expertise of using the Internet interorganizational system
to aid help me in improving my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , and overall , i feel ( the system ) as a ( technology type ) is : helpful - unhelpful
ceo involvement in information requirements and analysis .
I would not change my opinions (or the way I do things) in order to please someone else or win their favor
please indicate how important the following is what knowledge or skills are in supporting and the computing needs of your company . now : expect systems / ai
after using your web site , information about you obtained made you … ( disappointed / delighted )
the network is designed to allow member firms to share customer contacts .
I could complete the job using the software package if I could call someone for help if I got suck.
I am very much interested in taking this training class.
Please rate the effectiveness of your NPD work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: we frequently scan the environment to identify new business opportunities.
the training provided information that motivated me into use excel .
importance of activity three years from the now : integrate existing business and new business applications
i would have a job in this work if i were to switch to the new way of working with the nop system .
Adequate external consultant support is not available for implementing the methodology.
If our organization required help, this business partner would do their best to provide assistance
I feel that I will not be able to count on my team members to help me.
SISP output fails to include an overall personnel and training plan for the IS department.
i may deceive people by not being friendly even when i really dislike them
easy to .
the core procedures and routines used in this business process , are specific to our firm .
a service that fits well with the way you work it : ( bad / good ) .
sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions were in part trustworthy .
did ... you have responsibility for requesting additional funds needed to cover unforeseen time / place cost overruns ?
the following questions ask of you how how you would characterize yourself when you use computers : playful
The tastes and preferences of your customers in your principal industry (1 = have become far more stable and predictable; 4 = no change; 7 = have become much harder to forecast).
frequently , my need for such information arises on an irregular schedule and is not predictable in - advance .
i still intend to continue using this system to solve various problems .
groups i work to find [ would find ] an alternative ems useful for group work .
the web - site ’ s performance in providing information that is clear in meaning was … ( much lower than what you originally thought / much significantly higher than you thought )
Firms consider it important to be regarded by other members as being reliable and trustworthy.
my current job is enjoyable .
preparation of a strategic plan and developing is
How likely is it that your firm intends to use IT within the next 6 months?
so i vary the information i look at in the ess .
using the crm technology is not appropriate for a person with my knowledge regarding the role of computers
efficient management of current systems ( costs , ease to use , documentation , maintenance )
we develop comprehensive analyses as of each business opportunity or challenge we face .
overall , i myself would give the information provided by - - - a very high rating , in terms of quality .
simple and understandable
i was permitted to use such a pws on a trial killing basis long enough to see just what it could do .
then the following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you could use computers : playful
if i use a computer i will increase my own sense of accomplishment .
working on a pc is fun
rapid response time .
I have seen what others do using their PWS.
our firm experiences frequent over - stocking or under - stocking of high production quality goods .
i am simply not getting as quick on a turnaround as i need , on requests for new reports or data .
i would trust the validity of quotes provided by the publisher more than those provided by an author .
a web site that is fun to use is important ( not important at all / extremely important )
there also are constant changes in computer software in our organization .
Projects which will allow the company to develop and offer new products or services for sale.
do newly developed systems always work the way the user expected them to ?
acting as a role model . ( good role model ? excellent role model )
i evaluated an information requirements test developed by ibm systems / data processing .
that it will be much easier to use than what we use currently .
the success of the methodology is greatly dependent on the program leader .
how knowledgeable , are you on using computers ?
Their employees will be well dressed and neat in appearance
i wanted to do as good a job as possible no matter how much risk i took .
sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions , are in general very reliable .
i believe that online privacy is invaded when control is lost and unwillingly lost to a result of a marketing transaction .
the system is not compatible with other systems that i use .
With respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client team clearly grasps the fundamentals of IT as they relate to its business.
computer databases that contain personal information should remain protected from public access - no care how much it costs .
The electronic mail system provides helpful guidance in performing tasks
shares best industry practices with the you ( customer ) .
a very close family member of doug watson is also an architect . during a holiday family get - together , the family ember watson comes to know about the software and asks to make him a copy of all the software . doug watson lets him to make a copy of the old software .
all individuals deserve equal treatment before applying the law .
it will have up - to - date hardware and software
is employees have all the knowledge to do their job well
i would have seen a pws in use outside my firm .
The proportion of departmental co-workers who use a PC
my staff works and i find it very easy to get into the exact card system to do what we want it to do .
accuracy ; output
improved public access to information .
my friends think that i should never use the internet tv
evaluate the openness to share product design information during collaborative social interactions related to product development process before the core cpc solution was deployed .
. using the internet tv is enjoyable
legaladvice . com would keep meeting its commitments .
a large number from our production goods are specifically designed to our specifications .
anti - inconvenient .
no information in this e - mail is … valuable / worthless
not being able to carefully evaluate a product that would make it so much more difficult / easier for me to purchase this product from this web vendor .
i really did not have to expend very very much effort to try out the pws .
the output is not in accordance with the expectations of the top management .
using my pws fits into my work style .
are these available options ( print types , page sizes allowed for , etc . ) sufficient for easy use ?
it is important for me to remember how to perform tasks in the electronic mail
Defines clearly the deliverables required.
i can rely upon this business whenever i need to purchase important products .
too frequently are there conflicts about ideas in your team ?
legaladvice . com com would keep its commitments .
right now , to just what extent do you feel irritable ?
Overall, I believe that a PWS is easy to use.
if i use a computer i will increase the quality of the output of my next job .
the ability of the support service people to keep accurate records that were originally requested was ; very good - very high .
significant weight is attached to quality in relation to cost and schedule compliance .
for me , being unable to use equipment as if there is never one around to show you how to use it is : ( unimportant / important ) .
we attempt to be exhaustive in gathering intelligence , for is planning .
information systems chief executive assumes responsibility of quality performance .
according to our peer banks , our is facilities and services require technical expertise that are relatively unique
" our team does not take time to combine various units out of code as they are developed .
i feel like i have more to do than i can comfortably handle .
free - ranging - narrow - focused .
to whatever extent does the ess enable you to make your assumptions ?
some believe that online privacy is lost when control is lost and unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction .
compared better to google alone : enables me to find good information faster .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: a specific programming language
if it would meet user needs .
using booksamillion . com can increase my shopping site productivity .
How do(es) the IT project(s) within the program rank in complexity relative to other IT projects in the organization?
in a variety of functional area project managers participate in the process of is planning .
i feel like i will not be able or count on my team members to help me .
think three miles ahead or more
market activities are the key stakeholders ( 1 = now affect the firm in far away areas ; 4 = no change ; 7 = now affect the company on many areas , e . g . , pricing , delivery , etc . ) .
it is a long and difficult task for your firm . find staff with experience of using the internet interorganizational system
according to which you exchange information about demand shifts and changes in customer preferences with ( partner information ) .
evaluate the average time it takes to communicate design changes , related to the product development after the cpc solution system was deployed .
on this new team , we can all talk freely with each other about difficulties we are having and know that others will want to listen .
knowing how to use in this system makes me more marketable .
i believe that a pws is cumbersome to implement .
if i had had a challenging legal problem , then i would want to never use legaladvice . com again . *
In my organization, one sees PWS on many desks.
is is looked at like a competitive resource .
the web site ’ its success in providing information that is in fact , reliable for making a purchase decision was … ( very poor / very good )
i can depend on other teammates not and make my job more difficult by careless work .
I've had a great deal of opportunity to try various PWS applications.
It increased my skills in critical thinking.
but i know where 1 can really go , to satisfactorily try out various uses of a pws .
Information that is informative to your purchase decision is… (not important at all/extremely important)
If a customer required help, most Internet vendors would do their best to help.
to make a recommendation on the right coverage for me .
My organization has specific guidelines that govern what employees are allowed to do with their computers.
system responsiveness to changing user .
auction / ebay is a competent and knowledgeable auction site / intermediary .
sisp output also fails to identify specific new projects .
the images used in the website were appropriate .
i feel constant threat to lose my job security due to new technologies .
Provides fast turnaround to your (supplier’s) requests.
managers of our is group tend to disagree on the overall mission of is within the group .
sellers in amazon uk ’ s auctions are in general reliable .
All things considered, using the system is a negative step – positive step.
the attitude of the computer services staff
available knowledge was of great help in developing software that eventually would meet these new requirements specifications .
Importance of activity now: Support information access and security
online banking companies must tell the truth related to the collection and use of the personal information of their customers .
using a pws improves the image within the organization .
i feel that people were generally reliable .
using ( system ) as a ( technology type ) device increases my work productivity .
a telephone service that is of no real benefit to me is : ( bad / good ) .
a vendor would keep its commitments .
we generally estimate costs ( i . e . , prepare to handle a greater range of business ) before our competitors do the same .
Evaluate the typical degree of interconnectedness between product components before the CPC solution was deployed.
how likely is she that you will be staying with this company this time next year ?
Finding time would make it much more difficult/easier for me to get information about this product.
i could complete the job using even a free software package if i had just the built - in online help facility for assistance .
developing clear guidelines of the responsibility for plan implementation .
what the costs of this project would be .
Working with PCs is so complicated, it is difficult to understand what is going on.
this task is relatively unaffected by the overall performance of any other individuals or departments .
the organization has standard requirements to support its product integration strategy for developing and integrating components , and delivering its product to the customer after its cpc technology was deployed .
the quality of the completeness i originally expected was ; not low - very high .
competitive competitive advantage .
people i work with think i should use on the internet tv
How important is financial cost for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months?
managers of different work departments in our is group seldom have conflicting goals , and objectives .
work . “ list files ” using wildcard characters ?
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work group in the following way relative to your major competitors : we can successfully integrate our existing products against the existing information and knowledge acquired .
it is important then to assure an easy return process .
i feel like i am a part of the team .
la variety
use of a central committee for developing and monitoring the information system
it is free for me to shop online .
How well did the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of  providing applications development specified in the SLA?
my lack of familiarity with the system
i am about to change to the new skill of working with the nop system reasonably well on my computer .
the computing tools that you use
LegalAdvice.com performs its role of giving legal advice very well.
for me , being able to use a computer even when i need to it most is : unimportant - important .
quality goals , and policy are understood within the department .
the cost of the network site , in general , provides good access was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher then you thought )
the data vendor performs its role of providing the data exchange very well .
have a macro which will call up the lotus menu ?
The glue that holds the IS department I work in together is loyalty and tradition. Commitment to the IS department I work in runs high.
Easy to become skillful
I gained a good understanding of the “community-first” concept.
Information that is applicable to your purchase decision is…(not important at all/extremely important)
I intend to continue using the Internet TV frequently during the next three months
Employees will always be willing to help users
information of all of our channel partners , competitors , etc . , is shared with our other customers
i believe that my company actively monitors the content of employees ’ e - commerce messages .
My classmates would think that I should use the CRC.
The degree of personal control the user has over which IS services are received
convenience park access
each specific person ( or group ) is available with assistance with software difficulties .
quality of paper - making .
things i want to do at my home do and not get done because of the demands my new job puts on me .
Using a PWS gives me greater control over my work.
to the extent did you at present intend to use electronic mail regularly ?
the benefit provided by the www was better now than what i expected .
the following questions ask you what you would characterize yourself if you use computers : flexible
on average , how predictable are each step the features at the start of a new development project in an organization ? the actual functionality of the finished software .
This website recommends products that potentially interest me.
data are safeguarded from unauthorized changes or updates .
In general, I feel satisfied with my job.
use of a pc will also increase in the opportunity for preferred future job assignments .
i will continue with this company five years from now .
economic innovation is seen as being most closely tied to the degree of success or failure of our is group of achievements .
the extent to which this community allows you to solve problems .
there is a need for significant company - specific training for a new employee to effectively execute this business function , even when he or they lacks general experience in our industry .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to increase your focus?
the information from this e - reader is … informative / uninformative
I believe I have the ability to use a spreadsheet to communicate numeric information to others.
specify the extent to which which you normally would reveal ( the relevant information ) through the internet : unlikely - likely .
i have to work on tasks that force me to learn new things
during my last visit to booksamillion . com my attention now was focused mostly on the activity .
do you click on the system design report on a proposed system specify exactly how the user will operate the system ?
Approximately how many people are employed in your organization?
please indicate how effective the following basic knowledge or resources are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years behind now : ability to learn about business functions
Improved quality of decision making.
evaluate on the cost of overall product development after the cpc solution was successfully deployed .
so if a customer required help , most major internet vendors would do their best to help .
shopping on a web is very convenient .
write a macro which will call up to the lotus menu ?
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to execute customer services?
contributions to the team have made considerable emotional investments in our working relationships .
overall , i feel satisfied in the kind of work i get in this job .
when i visit a product catalog , this website shows me other similar items purchased from other users .
ideas tend to flow horizontally as well as vertically throughout what is [MASK] .
Supplier that proactively anticipates your emerging needs.
it is easy to get - - - to do whatever we want it to do .
employees find no ambiguity in executing this business model .
your firm ’ s current present and future products , capital markets , business strategies , and business
to indicate how important the following computer knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : expect systems / !
the vendor is competent and effective in providing for this data exchange .
members of the group value the reputation they gain when participating in open source projects .
most people actually are honest in their dealings with others .
i ’ m more concerned that companies are collecting too much personal information about hiring me .
he felt disoriented .
using chart - master to improve my job performance
this business partner is sincere . genuine
with respect , to the successful vendor team approach in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the limited extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the vendor team approach is honest and truthful .
net revenue growth : much better than with the competition - much worse than the competition .
it therefore is cheaper to manage our own data processing facilities and services rather than having to rely on external data processing service - providers
how knowledgeable is the top down team about potential and limitations of current management ?
compared to your competitors , how does improving your organization rate on average the relative speed at which new software markets can be entered ?
flexible - not restricted .
The output is not in accordance with the expectations of top management.
projects involving either cost displacement or cost reduction .
in your job , how important would it be to you not to not have good physical working conditions ?
attitude of all the implementation staff
using the electronic mail enhances ( would enhance ) my effectiveness on completing the job .
at parties , or other social gatherings , i do not attempt to do or say things so that the others will like
Changes in the importance of different inputs (thus the power of related persons) to the solution of problems.
i felt sick .
On this site, it was easy to find the information I wanted.
protecting consumer online privacy is also really a matter of consumers ’ right to exercise control and complete autonomy over decisions about how their information is being collected , used , and shared .
it is a small delight to recognize where i am and what i am currently doing in the business .
the process and process of strategic is planning are formally documented .
i generally trust other people unless they give me good reasons not to .
i created the user procedures manual for running this system .
the tools provided by the site allow me and effectively conduct a buying process online .
you have not heard many others using a pws in my department .
i am likely to use this system for the next < n > months .
the equipment ( printers , monitors , etc ) in the crc is not compatible with the other equipment i use .
i would have greater confidence in the explanations provided regularly on such web sites than those currently offered by such an agent .
changing this business process does indeed affect our other processes .
to what extent does the ess enable for you to confirm with your understanding of the business ?
i feel used up , at the end of the workday .
extent to extent content of information exchanged ( e . g . , sales reporting , product information , product availability , sales information , e . ) partner ( partner company ) may be used similar to information exchanged with other partners .
I intend to continue using this system to solve various problems.
i have to be in touch with my work even throughout my vacation thanks to this technology .
importance range of activity now : support existing portfolio of applications
IS insists on error-free records
the electronic mail system often behaves in unexpected .
this section pertains for the usage of progress reports in this outsourcing context . please state the extent to which you agree or disagree on the following statements : the client team assesses an extent to which the client team achieves its outsourcing goals as indicated on the progress reports .
in the terms of system quality , i - would rate - - - highly .
- - - can flexibly adjust to new environmental demands or conditions .
the design still has the right mix of people needed to do its work well .
people in my organization to use a pws have more prestige than those who did not .
but not using it within the next 6 months would be : harmful - helpful .
please indicate the extent of enterprise quality management adoption by your firm ’ s suppliers .
performance on this task is dependent on obtaining accurate information from others .
how likely is it that your firm also has compatibility with current hardware that could potentially enable your firm to use it in the next approximately 6 months ?
subjective - objective objective .
Our systems development methodology describes a sound way of developing systems.
how very clear are the potential benefits from the program ? is there significant additional work needed to achieve all the ( needed clarity of ) benefits ?
using the same exact credit card system is clear and understandable for me and my staff .
these systems meet user input expectations with respect to response time , flexibility and ease of use
i do feel more confident purchasing the policy through the web than through an email .
thinking hard about having a long time about something gives me little satisfaction .
I tried to think through each topic and decide what I was supposed to learn
using chart - master in my job would improve my productivity
work products , processes , and systems are objectively evaluated by the applicable requirements to ensure that concerns arising from these reviews are addressed before the cpc solution is deployed .
the attitude of is personnel toward users
and dr . x is friendly and easy to approach .
there are examples where supposedly equivalent data from two different sources is inconsistent .
the two following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when making you use computers : creative
so i find the ( task - related ) data portions best of ( system ) to be flexible to interact with .
members of this facebook group think it really is ok to remove someone ' s name tag from a project without that person ' s consent .
a web site ’ s performance by providing information that is trustworthy : … ( much lower then you thought / much higher than you thought )
does your organization always implement the most important projects first ?
this website also provides me with product reviews .
The methodology does not sufficiently involve users.
i could complete the job using the software package if had only seen someone else build it before trying it myself .
Major product innovations are very likely in the production goods we procure.
When it is necessary to compare or aggregate data from two or more different sources, there may be unexpected or difficult inconsistencies.
and how would you characterize the possible possibility of terrorists using the data and exchange offered by this vendor to carry out purchasing transactions ? significant opportunity - significant threat .
Performance levels are benchmarked with those of other firms.
The website adequately meets my information needs.
This community’s successes are my successes.
to what extent is your is - using objectory at present ?
individual task effort is rewarded on this team .
Setting an Example
Many support personnel are required for data gathering and analysis during the study.
our is group often uses temporary teams in resolving problems that that arise .
be highly well respected by your peers
the effective execution of this business process process generally requires tacit knowledge acquired through experience in our firm .
do you make it clear to the user management that they authorize work on the next stage in the systems development phase process by passing their approval of the report on to the preceding stage ?
How much has your systems and programming staff increased over the last two years?
i would buy pirated ships if there is no justification for doing so .
the management provides the necessary necessary help and resources to enable me to bring change to the new way out of working with the nop system .
i trust that online companies would keep my own best business interests in mind when dealing with ( the information )
To what extent do you feel personally responsible for the correctness of the group solution?
for certain products i can still buy online , i intend to completely switch over to online shopping .
but the amount of time my job actually takes up makes it difficult to fulfill family responsibilities .
Steps that the administration (including your department head, dean, and university administration) have taken to improve computing facilities
self - unfavorable .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or other skills that are in supporting the computing needs of your company right now : operating systems : micros
referral of coordination / decision to the senior dp or senior user management .
using the crm operating system is a new experience for me
To process our data, external service-providers would have to make substantial investments in equipment and software tailored to our needs
In our relationship with (partner company), we share confidential information if we feel it can help our business partner.
how would you characterize ... the possibility of using the data exchange offered up by this vendor to carry out their purchasing transactions ? potential for future gain - potential for loss .
evaluate the length of a product design cycle time after a cpc solution was deployed .
please indicate here how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing and needs needs of your company now : the ability to plan , organize & write clear , concise , and effective memos , reports , documents and documentations
our software development approach ( es ) are all such models that they can be customized by individual project teams to suit with their context .
it is time that i will buy this product .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to be sensitive to organizational culture/politics
i believe the online store is responsive to all my needs .
rather than asking my own question , i usually make my own decisions on what to do on a job .
continuous improving of new systems : ( with respect o time , cost , quality , disruptions )
we rate the performance of your new product development work unit relative to the major competitors for creation of new product concepts .
Preparation of a strategic plan for developing IS
no competitive position .
they feel unimaginative when i interact with the world - wide web
In order to get along and be liked, I tend to be what other people expect me to be rather than anything else
Frequently, the business problems I work on involve answering questions that have never been asked in quite that form before.
" i feel used up at the end of the workday .
trainer acted as an assistant .
in general , information which covers a broad scope for your purchase decision is … ( not useful at all / extremely useful )
considering the loss of that i incur , the change to the new way of my working with the nop system ... is of good value .
importance of activity is three years from now : analyze software / packages – evaluation & selection
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to be informed when knowledge in repository changes.
importance of know how long a company will retain what they collect from me in their databases .
Frequency of new product or service introduction: much better than the competition - much worse than the competition.
I do things that are apt to be accepted by one person and not accepted by others.
maybe i would be more confident in filing a claim through the web than through an agent .
even if i ' m not enjoying myself , and i often pretend to be having quite a good time
selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor required too little effort
some tips provided by the site help me better figure out my product requirements .
those people who are really important to me would ( strongly ) support / strongly oppose ) my using [ of the spreadsheet ] rather than using my calculator for the assignment .
to what extent do we measure the projected outcomes of benefits ?
What the project completion time would be.
for you me , feeling more comfortable using a phone service on my own is : unimportant - important .
this is easy for me to observe him using pws in my firm .
we have difficulty in negotiating with both the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) when there are any major changes .
Controllable
I did not have to expend very much effort to try out the PWS.
in general , - - - provides me with high quality content .
Please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm's senior IS executive in your firm’s present and future products, markets, business strategies, and business processes.
i see no reason to doubt my teammates ' training and preparation for the game .
a task is relatively unaffected from the performance of other individuals or departments .
we attempt to determine optimal courses of action , from identified alternatives .
I would feel more confident purchasing the policy through the web than through an agent.
using - - - improves on my ability to make good decisions .
Using a PWS makes it easier to do my job.
The Web site’s performance that in general, is easy to navigate was… (very poor/very good)
learning how to get information about all this product from this website itself would be easy .
i also get a personal feeling of satisfaction doing my job
i intend not to use the crc frequently this term .
my interaction with the internet tv is clear , understandable
to me , this is the best retail website people do business with
entering new to business or markets
This task is relatively unaffected by the performance of other individuals or departments.
In your experience, how frequently are subordinates afraid to express disagreement with their superiors?
to what extent does our ess enable you to confirm your understanding of our business ?
the tools provided by the site help me with maintenance on the building .
how much was this meeting versus previous verbal meetings ?
Generally speaking, I want to do what my friends think I should do.
the methodology fails to take into account assumptions related to plan implementation .
working with pcs is so complicated , it sometimes is difficult to understand exactly what is going on .
Only very special people fit in organization
amazon . com also enables me to shop for cds faster .
Processes used for aligning IT strategy with business strategy are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: spontaneous
later an engineer discovered of what he perceived to be a product design flaw that constituted a potential safety hazard . his parent company declined to correct the flaw . the engineer decided to keep quiet , rather than taking his own complaint outside the parent company .
Most of my teammates approach their job with professionalism and dedication.
in general , sellers ' ' ’ s / ebay ’ auction auctions often failed to meet their contractual obligations to me during our transactions .
how too much tension is there among members of your team ?
i believe in this is my favorite retail website
please indicate how important . the following is knowledge or skills that are in supporting the computing needs of all your company now : your ability to understand the business environment
I show by my actions that I really care about the fate of this organization.
poor reputation of trading partner ( 2001 ) .
To what extent is programming carried out by pairs of developers on this team?
Our organization would characterize this business partner as being honest
i probably would be more confident filing a claim only through the web than through an agent .
Resources provided for computing activities
information systems chief executive is evaluated on quality performance .
I intend to use DMS on my job within the next one month.
in addition , this business partner is knowledgeable about their industry and business .
For me, getting products at bargain prices within the next 30 days is important.
ease of access for users to computer facilities and terminals
difficulty in achieving “ critical financial ” of trading partners .
revised my own creative writing .
the training increased my intention to master her .
users ' general feelings of participation in project .
their provision of training courses i experienced was ; very low - very low .
educating the top management on the importance of it .
please indicate how important the following knowledge is knowledge or or skills are in supporting the computing resource needs of your own company now : ability to help plan , organize & write clear , concise , effective memos , reports , documents and documentations
Using --- enhances my effectiveness on the job.
today i am able to use the library and the local internet for information for class assignments
the senior management of our new firm believes that enterprise resource planning has shown the potential to provide significant business benefits back to the firm .
if i need to ( accomplish task ) and the choice was up compared to the me , i would expect to use ( system ) 2 as a ( not task - related ) platform .
using it this web site made me … ( frustrated / contented )
specify the extent to which you can reveal ( the answer ) through the internet : possible - possible .
in general , a vendor remains very knowledgeable about issues of web - based data exchanges .
In doing your job how often do you use a microcomputer?
how would you rate a design based on their ability to meet certain goals of the project during requirements definition ?
and we maintain close relationships with the contractors .
her web site was fun .
i feel that i really could count it on legaladvice . com to help with a very crucial legal problem .
projects , whose primary benefit is is providing new decision support information to middle and lower levels of management .
we have frequent contacts with foreign contractors .
for me , not having enough computers for everyone else to use is : unimportant - important .
only the product demonstration on this website is animated .
The exchange provides data that is current enough to meet my business needs.
Shopping online is a more effective way to make purchase.
how many effort ( in time and money ) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system so that it truly fits your tasks ?
i have willing and put in effort beyond the norm for the success of the organization .
it is important to provide for an easy return process .
A Web site that has a simple layout for its contents is… (not important at all/extremely important)
in general , i am hesitant enough to try out new information technologies
supplier will modify the document rather than hold to original terms if an unexpected situation arises .
Department's Effectiveness
My staff and I could communicate to others the consequences of using the Exact card system.
evaluate the typical degree of interconnectedness between the product components before using the cpc solution was deployed .
the vendor is truthful in its business dealings with me .
we can share information about our business environment ( e . g . , other business relationships ) with its channel partners
how many written rules or procedures exist for doing your major tasks ?
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or what skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three more years from now : the ability to understand current technological trends
trust trust accounting systems : exclusively internal - exclusively external
With respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: If the client team required help, the vendor team would do its best to help.
the website adequately fully meets my information needs .
responds promptly whenever you ( supplier ) request information .
Currency of output
i ( dislike / like ) the idea of changing the system .
knowledge about all the goals and objectives of the organization ( i . , e . the corporate wide business entity ) is . . . therefore of no use / because of absolute necessity
members of this group believe in helping children .
knowledge i gained using this system will also be helpful to me with other systems in the future .
the competitive conditions require our firm to actively use enterprise resource planning .
i sure would not hesitate to use the virtual landlord / / tenant information legaladvice . com supplied me .
do you comment on user documentation which is well written and understandable by the public ?
Flexibility of data and reports available from systems
changing to the new automated way of working with the nop system would increase my productivity than working in the more current automated way .
The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
so in general , how much does your firm usually want you to do what customers / clients think the firm usually should do ?
- - - produces comprehensive reports .
to aid me in my ( series of tasks ) , overall , to feel ( system ) as system ( system type ) is : helpful - unhelpful
while using the new web site i felt confused .
you feel comfortable working with a computer .
Inaccessible? Accessible?
i could complete the job using a software program if i had just the logged - in software facility for assistance .
the web site caught my attention .
The quality of information accuracy I originally expected was; very low-very high.
compared to your competitors , what does an organization rate on ability to produce products at low cost for current product lines ?
if i use a computer i will actually increase my chances instead of getting a raise .
the tools provided by the site allow me to get more detailed knowledge about the goods i ordered from this website .
this website is helpful in familiarizing to me with the product .
i do believe the online store is responsive to my needs .
the contact information in this e - mail is usually … informative / uninformative
Online companies make a reasonable effort to allow their customers to correct inaccurate personal information stored in their databases.
I find the system to be useful in my job.
In comparison with other virtual malls, the price of the goods and services (including postage handling) are reasonable.
we find using this web site useful .
see how you think about the amount of further choices or links on each page visited in the website .
sometimes it often is difficult , or impossible to compare or to aggregate data from two different sources because the data is defined differently .
how often have you been in and / or led to developing information systems ?
attitude control of the implementation staff
to which extent does the final solution reflect your inputs ?
knowledge about the environmental constraints , that the organization operates from within ( e . . g . , government regulation , supplier relationships , competition , etc . ) , is . . . of no use / of absolute necessity
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be in general, reliable for making your purchase decision?
i was able to concentrate on the next video demonstration .
please rate : the effectiveness rate of your new product development work unit in the frequency of successfully executing product prototypes or sample product testing relative to your major competitors .
what i give up in terms of releasing my personal information to the companies is commensurate with what i do in regards to the companies .
importance of information now : support information access and security
when i was using ms excel , your attention did not get taken very easily .
They will tell users exactly when services will be performed
i wanted to do as good at a police job as possible no matter how much effort it took .
please indicate how important the following professional knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs in your company three months from now : ability to complete assignments
... the overall quality of the reliability of the support and service i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
the training clearly showed me how to be most effective with computers .
this organization has great deal of personal meaning for her .
our website would characterize this business partner as being honest
is has the following users ’ best interests at heart
when compared to your competitors , how does improving your organization rate on ability to produce software at low cost for current product - lines ?
The product demonstration on this website is animated.
overall , what much effort ( in time and energy ) did you spend knowing that your system and your business processes benefited each other ?
if i could , i would like to continue the search of the www .
This system improved the operations of my organization.
i generally trust other good people .
i have informal contact to tmt members
greatly reduced stockout costs .
i expect that i would use mds again in the future .
purchasing this new product from this website would be easy .
my job keeps me away from my own family too much .
please indicate how important of the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing software needs of your current company now : relational databases
online companies should devote more time and effort to preventing unauthorized online access to personal online information .
how do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in allowing it to execute inbound operations ?
using a pws is absolutely compatible with all aspects of my work .
please indicate the frequency with which you instruct the tools to freeze a portion of their design to shield themselves from changes .
i am comfortable letting other team members take responsibility over tasks which are essential to a project , even when i cannot monitor them .
i know where 1 can try to satisfactorily sort out various uses for a pws .
i feel delighted with the new information system .
i have the knowledge needed to use the system .
but please , rate the attitude of your top management toward the deployment of information technology in your organization .
how would you rate the information exchanged with ( partner company ) in terms from its completeness , compared to information exchanged with two similar companies ?
i was going to update the system in the next < n > months .
a service which is advantageous is : ( no / good ) .
on release , please indicate the extent to date , and the percent of applicable , requirements specifications consists of reused components .
the quality of information reliability i experienced here was ; - very low - very high .
is - manager knowledge : how aware is your is management team about business strategies of each partner ?
member firms share a common software development process .
using the internet tv is especially useful for my communication and information search
this section pertains from the implementation of project plans in an outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which they agree to cooperate with the following statements : the client provides feedback to the vendor team on the extent to which the vendor team supports the project plans . *
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are for supporting some specific needs of your company now : ability to understand the business .
as an auction host / intermediary , amazon has become trusted at all times .
it usually bothers me when companies hire me for personal information
a service that is of no benefit to all me , is : ( bad / good ) .
using the exact same system enhances the off - the - job effectiveness for me and my staff .
as for this system , i defined / helped define input / the output forms .
i can find no difficulty telling others about the results of using a pws .
Overall, I am very satisfied with the information system.
Often I am disappointed with the other members of this design team.
My use of the system is voluntary.
is - management questions : how informed is your is management team about business strategies of each unit ?
our is support detailed analyses of major business transactions .
to the extent does the ess allow you to test your assumptions ?
overall , how much of effort ( in time and energy ) did you spend trying so that your system processes and your business processes fit each other ?
this website would be useful when purchasing this product .
however the experiences from implementing of the methodology are not sufficiently transferable across divisions .
employees will have the knowledge to do their own job well
a web site which quickly loads all the text and graphics is … ( very bad at all / extremely important )
the senior vp of our firm believes that enterprise resource planning will create another significant competitive arena for business .
all the personal information in computer databases , should be regularly double - checked checked for accuracy - no matter how much this costs .
Variety
Number of levels between IT head and CEO
to ... what extent does the ess enable you to improve your insight further into the business ?
on an average , readers please rate the overall performance of amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auction sellers in terms of competitive pricing .
how well can the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of providing infrastructure support ( e . g . , project management ) required in this sla ?
how do you evaluate your firm ’ s success in allowing it to execute marketing ?
it provides thorough protection , preventing any intrusion from intruders .
i developed the technique to communicate clearly about the “ community - first ” personally .
the auction listing design is highly innovative
users actively actively participate in determining system requirements .
i put off a formalized agreement of the work done by the control systems / data systems department [ during system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
this new team has done a good job in figuring - out how work will flow among team members .
shopping on the web is more convenient .
improved understanding of how the new organization actually operates .
our group failed to use up the ems as it should have not been used .
the tools provided by the site inform me when changes to the product become available
i had taken the opportunity to mentally visualize the demonstrated computer operations .
is has up - to - date with hardware and software
to just what extent does the ess enable you to stay at dose to the business ?
some of the time , people care enough to try to be independent , other than just looking out for themselves .
our way of doing business is closely - linked with our customers ’
Dependable - nondependable.
Online companies fulfill their promises about collecting and using personal information of their customers.
the quality and the promptness of the telephone service i originally expected was ; very high - very high .
ceo ' s perception of it ' the importance to the firm
the tools provided by the site provide information that helps me keep the product within good running order .
we too will delay decisions until we are sure that all reasonable alternatives have been evaluated .
i was absorbed intensely but not absorbed intensely .
i have no desire to buy from a website .
users ' feelings of interest in project .
network membership is designed to enhance the professional reputation of member firms .
using the crc example is a : bad idea - good idea .
idea generation techniques such : cloud storming are used in system design .
i would find that it no more convenient to educate myself about auto insurance policy coverages by reading articles from the web site than by asking the questions of an agent .
Payroll processing: exclusively internal-exclusively external
there are few errors in the new information i obtain from - - -
I feel that the amount of work I do interferes with how well it is done.
i can access the internet tv
please indicate simply how important the following is knowledge , or skills are in supporting of the computing needs of your company three years on from now : ability to deal with ambiguity
selecting digital cameras using only the virtual advisor was too complex
given a tough legal issue , i would be willing to settle for one 30 - minute phone call with my legaladvice . com lawyer .
our organization has realized the following positive outcomes as a result of our interactions through this business partner : lower operating ;
it also is well known who can help solve the problem associated with the enterprise resource planning package .
i would personally purchase this product from this web vendor at a bargain sale price within the next 30 days .
" amazon . com improves my performance in shopping for cds .
I could complete the job using the software package if there was someone giving me stop by step instructions.
Performance standards have been established for design
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit on the following activities relevant to your major competitors : we are quick to discuss changes to our customers ’ ' preferences .
extent to which to exchange news of upcoming product or service - related changes . ( partner company ) .
network resource management : exclusively internal - exclusively external
i was able to make changes to the formalized agreement of work to get done [ during system definition / system physical design / system execution ] .
i find this website fascinating .
effective training programs for users in general is .
How satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the process by which your group make the decision?
emphasizing quantity of the output
in terms of the various features of the web site that provide you the information you might need , using the web - site made you … ( very displeased / very pleased )
members of the group think cooperation is important .
having a pws is a major status symbol in my organization .
the main site ’ s role in providing information that is valuable to your purchase price was … ( very poor / very good )
the size of the planning team is very very large .
because the contractors were previously part of the same organization , i expect these contractors will volunteer to do better tasks outside the service level agreement ( sla ) than regular vendors .
individuals on the team are rewarded for their individual performance .
super - fast .
negotiating win - win strategies among competing public and government partners .
my peers are supportive of major changes to the new way of working with the nop system .
are there effective processes in place for decision - making and escalation of the issues to also allow more timely and sound resolution ?
People who are important to me would want me to use MDS.
review of report contents ( to intended function )
sometimes i am afraid that data processing department will lose my data .
it would not be very hard for me to leave my organization right now even if maybe i wanted to .
please indicate how important the report following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the cloud computing needs of building your own company three - years from now : data management ( e . g . , data modeling )
in general , how much does your firm usually want to know what the ( computer ) systems people / group in your firm should do ?
extent to which formal policies to promote the development of reusable design / build code are implemented .
it is important to provide an easy manufacturing process .
as an ip auction host / intermediary , amazon / ebay has high ip integrity .
the other person providing the dms training was credible .
using a student information system makes it easier just to do my job .
the performance of the same web site that in the general , which is easy to navigate was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than what you thought )
using the internet tv improves my productivity for personal communication and information search
adequate external consultant and support is not available for implementing the methodology .
please rate the effectiveness for your new product or development unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we are forthcoming with contributing our individual input to the group .
the images used in the website are unknown .
i am going and use the computer in the next < n > months .
how knowledgeable is the tmt about just how your competitors are applying it is ?
Evaluate the typical degree of interconnectedness between product components after the CPC solution was deployed.
People in my organization who use a PWS have more prestige than those who do not.
to engage users in tasks ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : performance enhancing - highly degrading
loss of financial and health .
the procedures and procedures involved in this business process are specific to our firm .
some firms consider it important to be regarded by other members as being more professionally competent .
when people give personal information away to a company employee for some reason , the company employees should never use the information for any other reason .
print a spreadsheet with a single header line on every page ?
changing to the entirely new way of working with the nop system would enhance my effectiveness while on the job rather than working in the current way .
The product demonstration on this website is lively.
our information systems were designed to accommodate changes in business requirements quickly
please indicate how important the following is , or skills are in supporting the operational needs of your company three years to now : operating system : micros
In general, the Internet is now a robust and safe environment in which to transact business.
Bills on DP operating costs are understandable.
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in recurrently evaluating tests to determine basic performance against shifting technical specifications relative to your major competitors.
our systems development methodology helps to estimate the human - resources required for the development of a planned system .
trading and reluctance to change .
Decision-making responsibilities in our IS group are pushed down to the lowest possible level.
i also am motivated to learn the material on frontpage presented in for this session
- this section pertains primarily to the usage of meetings , or conference calls involved in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the maximum extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client assesses the performance performance of the vendor and team during the meetings or the conference calls .
the performance of a web interface that provides a few clicks to locate information was … ( much lower then you thought / much higher then you thought )
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting all the computing needs of your growing company now : ability to learn about new technologies
The tools provided by the site help me find an online merchant for the product.
create and modify formulas that do not change when they are copied ?
that it alone will produce resistance among employees .
one would find chart - master easy to use
i would trust the validity of quotes provided by the web more like quotes provided by an agent .
i feel busy and rushed .
digital currency ( up - to - dateness ) of output information
i created the user procedures manual for this project .
when companies ask me about more information , i sometime think twice before providing it .
when i have some free time , i can explore the web sites .
to what extent have the business owners been involved in the creation of this business case ?
there is a sense of personalness present in the website .
my parents expect me to use a pws .
The website improves my online shopping performance.
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: efficient-inefficient
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is in general , useful in determining your initial purchase decision was : … ( very / poor / very good )
but how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to support entering new financial markets ?
our systems design methodology forms a useful standard for our systems development .
given the second chance , i could predict that i would consider bidding for products from private sellers in amazon ’ s auctions in the future .
is employees who are consistently courteous with users
to what large extent have the key areas and full detail sections of it work been incorporated into the current overall plan ?
evaluate the possible cost effects of overall product development before the cpc solution was deployed .
in terms of my preferred way of selecting a digital camera , this virtual advisor ' s guiding principles for generating recommendations were .
i presently intend to only use electronic mail regularly .
how more often have you participated in and / or been led in developing information systems ?
to what extent does the ess enable you , re - think your thinking ?
These IS units will have operating hours convenient to all their users
how often is all the external information that you have on hand at the beginning of a new task adequate enough to complete the task ?
Using a computer is an efficient way for me to learn new things
I have the authority to initiate projects at my job.
given the resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes . use the technology , it would be easy on me to use the system .
the new opportunity to learn new things is important to me
processes used for building relationships between an it department and the business units are ( unique in all or nearly all of the application units … unique across all or almost all of the business units )
if i use a computer my co - pilot will perceive it as competent .
for adding this adjective , please circle the number of that best known matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : flexible
reduced random data rekeying .
ability to customize software outputs to various user needs .
it was easy for him to acquire relevant quantitative ( price taxes , etc . ) information .
using a pc takes too much time from my normal daily duties .
i have the resources , expertise , and ability of use the internet tv
i like to experiment more with new information technologies
There will be a noticeable lack of confidence among those I will work with.
i would characterize legaladvice . com for honest .
for me , a person having equipment that is shared with other equipment i use are : unimportant - important .
i became more interested in the “ community - based ” concept .
the degree that internet usage increase has been promoted by support from suppliers
Did you have responsibility for estimating development costs of the new system?
' we have increased access to skilled personnel .
amazon / ebay is a large and knowledgeable auction house / intermediary .
scott ' s knowledge of it opportunities in the firm
so what is the percentage for documents maintained using imaging technologies ?
our systems development methodology helps in systematically defining useful milestones intended for our systems development projects .
We are all contributing fairly to this project.
i usually trust sellers unless they gives me a reason not i trust them .
national security
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily change identifiers on knowledge in repository as team’s ideas evolve over time.
software companies therefore should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their online databases .
training with or educating trading partner ( s ) .
this website is helpful for me to evaluate this product .
the training provided me with the opportunity to quickly produce the procedural steps demonstrated through watching the video .
i would find mds to be useful in my own daily life .
the technical competence of the of the various support and service people i had originally expected was ; very low - very high .
the quality of system flexibility i experienced was ; very very low - very very high .
how much would information / people / group think of your firm taking it in the next 6 months ?
evaluate the typical case of reuse of the design features in the products designed before the cpc standard was deployed .
the network is designed to enable member firms to compete for specific contracts that they couldn ’ t compete for on just their very own .
i expect this website to help us get a real idea for this product .
I would find MDS to be useful in my daily life.
formal processing techniques such as jad processing and prototyping are regularly used for requirement elicitation .
compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate based on the overall productivity of software developers responsible for current product lines ?
the development tools provided me by the site help me to establish my product requirements .
technically speaking , you want to do what my classmates think i should do .
our systems development methodology defines an ideal systematic process of systems system development that is truly useful , even though it is not followed in practice .
the manner in which the components of the information system are organized and integrated allows for rapid changes
use of a pc card will increase the flexibility of changing jobs .
The training clearly showed me how to be more effective with computers.
supplier that shares their proprietary contact information with you .
i concentrated fully – i did not not concentrate fully .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to expand your scope?
today it is easy for me to remember how best to perform tasks using the electronic mail
IS’s employees are well dressed and neat in appearance
how likely is is it that your firm has the support of employees that could enable your firm to effectively use it in the next 6 months ?
i need a long time to understand and use your new technologies .
the information provided by - - - well - laid out .
please rate of the effectiveness by seeing which your new product & development work unit uses the quickly prioritizing tasks and keeping deliverables on track to ensure very realistic schedules in the successful new product development process .
manufacturers have invested very substantial amount of time and money in edi ( electronic data entry ) technologies .
market - activities of all your key competitors ( 1 = now only affect the firm in a far fewer areas ; 4 = no change ; 7 = now also affect the firm in many areas , e . g . , pricing , service delivery , etc . ) .
overall , how much money ( including time and energy ) did you spend so that your system and your business system would be in harmony against each other ?
vendors / consultants are pressed to furnish the data .
the search tools provided by on the site allow me to find out who sells the product .
How strong an approach is the business taking to realizing benefits?
i would learn more by reading from the web site more than simply by talking to an agent .
I do not feel threatened when others talk about computers.
urban autonomy
the system provides the precise information i will need .
understanding the highest strategic priorities of top management .
i generally give them the benefit and the doubt when i first meet them .
the organization has no formal policy that forbids employees from accessing computer systems which they are not authorized to use .
confidential - ed .
preparation of a strategic plan for developing countries is
i am concerned about shipping it .
delete 0 . wk1 data from a floppy or hard drive ?
it maintains my personal information , so i can often make repeated work orders more conveniently .
given a certain choice , i would take part in creating a project similar to the current project .
on average , please rate the performance of amazon ’ s / ebay ’ ' s auction house sellers in terms of their competitive pricing .
considering new systems that have remained operational for one or more years , to what extent have you was successful in completing the systems analysis and programming man - hours devoted to these systems after the development phase ?
LegalAdvice.com is competent and effective in providing legal advice.
I believe that a PWS is cumbersome to use.
there alone are a sufficient large number of trustworthy external service - providers who could potentially successfully provide is facilities and services to our banks
evaluate how you would feel about the number level of further choices or links on the each page visited in the website .
specify the possible extent to which information you likely would reveal ( the information ) through the internet : unlikely - likely .
suppose also that a friend calls for me to get my advice in his / her search for ... a sports watch ; i would recommend him / her to not buy the product .
at what extent are there differences of opinions regarding tasks ?
using a pws system gives me greater control over my work .
my actual intention we use electronic equipment regularly is : extremely strong - extremely weak .
how knowledgeable is this top management team about how many competitors are applying it ?
it also increased my skills in critical thinking .
i find the ( task - related ) portions part of ( the system ) easy to use .
established procedures and criteria could be agreed upon to develop software that would meet these requirements specifications .
compared to google alone : improves on my performance in web querying .
Please rate your personal knowledge about client/server computing.
importance of activity three years from 2016 : develop databases
knowledge about the environmental constraints that the international organization operates within ( e . for g . government regulation , supplier relationships , international competition , competition etc . ) . extremely low / extremely high .
using the crm system that does not necessarily fit the way i view the world
members of this group value shared knowledge .
overall number of interactions with users .
the senior management at our firm actively articulates their vision of the organizational use of enterprise resource planning .
how knowledgeable are you on using word processors ?
i would buy pirated computer software if there is no punishment for doing just so .
there also is a sense of personalness in the website .
using a pws enhances my effectiveness on the field job .
On average, please indicate the extent to which, and the percent of which, software code consists of reused components.
pcs make this work more interesting
i expect this seller will deliver to me a package according to the posted delivery terms and conditions .
i would consider using the site also for future purchases .
importance of activity three years from now : manage / development plan corporate is strategies , strategic applications , information technology and architecture
please , rate all the effectiveness by showing which your new product development work this unit uses the project history ( e . . g . discussions , insights , work data , documents ) readily accessible for reuse .
My interaction with the Internet TV is clear and understandable
financial liquidity : much worse than the competition - much worse from the competition .
Firms find it easy to work with other network members because they are flexible and willing to adapt.
are appropriate resources available to a program from business areas affected with the program ?
i believe that the ratings & selection mechanism of women ’ s auctions is reliable and dependable .
i would complete the job using a word processing unit if i had any lot of time to complete the job for which computer software was provided .
for example , feeling comfortable with a service of my own is : unimportant - important .
Ambiguous - clear.
i am well familiar with the process of purchasing from this site .
please rate your effectiveness for your new product development work unit in the below table relative to your major competitors : management effectively monitors the progress of this new product development group .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to challenge your perspectives?
user ’ s handbook of systems
the different departments within our is group often appear to be moving in different directions . the is group explicitly rewards individuals of departments for developing new ideas .
our end - - user help desk is very responsive to end - user requests .
overall , this business and partner is capable and proficient
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the efficiency of Information Technology tools to create parallel workflows so that multiple tasks can be worked on simultaneously in the New Product Development process.
Extent to which you exchange details of upcoming product or service-related changes with (partner company).
i truly am willing to put in effort beyond the human norm for the success of the organization .
i may need some data on the actual up - to - the - minute status of operations or events but cannot get around it .
our end - user help desk was well populated by knowledgeable individuals .
The extent to which this community helps you to make decisions.
please rate your personal knowledge about graphical user interfaces .
use of a resource will increase the flexibility of changing jobs .
The exact definition of data fields relating to my tasks is easy to find out.
our organization provides clear documentation to end users on using the new technologies .
i probably could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if there really was no one around to tell me what or to ... do as i go .
changes in the criteria by which team managers may evaluate their and / or others ' skills and performance .
Working with partner company has helped you learn how to perform new (additional) roles in the channel.
on an average , please indicate , the extent to which , and the percent of which , software code consists of previously reused components .
in relation to other project design teams which you have been a member of or observed , how does joining your design team rate you on your reputation for work of excellence ?
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work group unit in doing the following related activities relative to your major competitors : we devote a lot of time implementing ideas for new products and also improving our own existing products .
because in your job , how important would it be to you to work well with two people who cooperate so well with one another ?
Overall cost-effectiveness of information systems
i am likely to return to the website for my next purchase .
we have successfully integrated some of our software applications with the ones of our .
i can acquire sensory information on this website from different sensory channels .
using a pws model improves my image within the organization .
ability to customize outputs to meet user needs .
all recognized is related to publications count .
the information in this auction table is to the point
my work environment allows me time to get extra help from my supervisor when needed .
how would you rate your overall expectations of the overall quality of the purchasing ( process ) results from reading this website ?
pre - tax for profit .
What percentage of applications are customized, i.e., developed expressly to manage interactions and flows of information between your organization and this business partner?
there is also high potential for loss involved in performance in amazon auctions .
My organization has a formal policy that forbids employees from accessing computer systems that they are not authorized to use.
supplier must be able to satisfy your jit ( just on time ) inventory requirements .
Getting information about this product from this website would be easy.
how well did the contractors deliver what they promised in reasonable terms capable of providing applications development specified only in the sla ?
Shopping on the web allows me to compare prices easily.
inadequate trading volume to include edi .
in your industry , is the adoption of edi more helpful in allowing an organization to remain internationally competitive ?
online companies are in general predictable and transparent regarding their usage of ( the information ) .
the auction listing information is easy , understand
are there other processes in place for policy - making and escalation of issues that allow timely and sound resolution ?
reduce the total cost of executing this entire process .
i did not have to expend very much effort to try looking for pws .
amount of time was required of me to learn to use of the software / system at work .
using the crc is a ( bad / good ) good idea .
having a clear sequence of hyperlinks would make it much less difficult / impossible for me . get information about this product .
the crc will be of no benefit to just me .
i would recommend use of this data exchange to other prospective colleagues who may be faced with somewhat similar ordering needs as the one i described in my previous case .
overall , your systems research methodology helps us to manage our systems development projects .
i would seldom consider switching to another website
the website tracks my online decision - making in online shopping .
greater freedom in how to do job
what is the percentage for enterprise data maintained within database and system ?
how much influence do you have in determining what tasks to work out on from day to - day ?
reduction in administrative management expenses .
and the degree of personal control the user has over which is services that are received
overall , how do i feel about the person which you identified : displeased - pleased .
the following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you needed computers : .
please indicate the frequency with which you send messages for other users .
i would have ( no more / much less ) control on using [ the spreadsheet ] for the assignment and over running my calculator .
How likely are you, within the next three years to: decide not to apply for something, like a job, credit, or insurance, because you do not want to provide certain kinds of information about yourself.
market activities of all your key competitors ( where 1 = now affect the same firm , in far fewer areas ; 4 = no change ; 7 = now affect the same firm in many areas , e . g . , pricing , delivery , marketing etc . ) .
i also learned to identify central ideas in the “ community - a first ” area .
it bothers me to always give personal information to so many people .
I feel I have to rush to get everything done each day.
i have fun learning the system .
systems must meet user expectations with respect to response time , flexibility , and ease of use
using the crc will do well with the way i work .
I am familiar with searching for items on this site.
Frequently, it is necessary to spend a fair amount of time thinking about how best to address a business problem before I begin an analysis.
the system was accurate .
All individuals deserve equal treatment before the law.
our team members had developed such a very clear understanding of how each business function should be coordinated .
i need some data on the up - to - the - minute status of people or events and cannot get anything .
my organization has established rules of behavior for use of available computer resources .
new product innovations are very likely in whatever production goods we procure .
unlike parties and other social gatherings , i do not attempt to do or do things that others will like
please indicate how important . the following is knowledge or skills are required in supporting the computing needs of your company now : parallel distributed processing
but i can usually do what i want on this job without even consulting my direct supervisor .
For me, a website that is useful in purchasing products is important.
please rate the method by which your new product development assessment unit uses an accurately measured real - time information on resource availability , usage , and cost in a new product development process .
The site is neat in appearance.
the web site was lost .
i ' d like to work with this group once again .
by not complaining about those bad services , i may prevent other consumers from experiencing the same problem .
When I was using MS Excel, my attention did not get diverted very easily.
using the crm operating system fits my preferred routine for conducting my job
i feel burned out from all my work .
evaluating the product on this particular website is compatible with how i evaluate the products in physical stores .
and i know where i also can go to satisfactorily try out various uses of being a pws .
are all the different initiatives needed to realize benefits , and how quickly these will be tackled , all identified in the program ?
how likely is it that you will be both working at the exact same company this time next year ?
Communication with EDP staff
these is units that be dependable
defines precisely the respective responsibilities of each party .
compared to your competitors , how does the your organization rate on ability more to charge competitive prices for software than for current product lines ?
we have the scale and volume to justify internal system data processing , management and operations
we also participated actively in our deliberations .
Range of outputs that can be generated.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: knowledge of business functions
user ’ s rate of participation
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in the earlier phases .
Using a PWS is often frustrating.
and audio - visual .
words using the crc would be : ( unpleasant / pleasant ) .
the senior management of our firm believes . it is not necessary to use the financial planning to conduct business activities .
i would have to explain why using a pws may or may never be beneficial .
This website would enhance my effectiveness in purchasing this product.
in your private life , how important was success ( perseverance ) ?
Using a student information system improves my job performance.
to what extent do you believe that the communication service you have provided to your project executive regarding changing the project status was : inadequate - adequate .
Our end-user help desk is responsive to end-user requests.
our software development approach ( es ) tools are such tools that they permit a range of responses to different possible types of technologies .
product needs significant customization that meet your requirements .
to order to increase revenue , a general manager used the production process that exceeded legal limits for environmental pollution .
1 = ;
quality goals within public information systems are very specific .
my preoccupation with my job affects their family life .
projects which will allow the company to develop and offer new products or ideas to sale .
reduced stockout rates .
online shopping gives me customers a much wider range of product choices compared to shopping at conventional stores .
the founding members had a global perspective that includes each other ' s decisions and the relationships among them .
browsing this list , i had a desire toward buy items that did directly pertain to my specific shopping goal .
I am satisfied with it.
Using the Exact card system is compatible with all aspects of my business’ sales transactions.
using electronic mail in my job enables ( would enable ) for me to also accomplish tasks more quickly .
but in only some jobs , outcomes are unpredictable - if you actually do something to solve such a problem you don ' t know what will happen . what percent of the time are you unsure that things will work all out exactly as expected ?
our software development tools ( es ) are such that they can be used for the productivity goals of individual projects .
- - - makes information easy to easily access .
effectiveness in its implementation .
- evaluate the level and knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive in order to identify relevant emerging it for marketing your firm ’ s products , markets business strategies , and business operations .
The auction listing looks organized
i intend to use this system in the next < two > months .
Specify the extent to which you would reveal (the information) through the Internet: not probable - probable.
relative to other , comparable is projects , how much did your most recently completed project rate on ability to meet its overall goals ?
maybe it would be easy for me to become skillful enough at using books amillion . com .
easy way to use
that it will substantially increase in our training costs .
about how much time did you lose solving these work problems ?
critical thinking ( st )
the opportunity to see new things is important to me
using the exact card system fits with a business ’ work style .
The quality of system response time I originally expected was; very low-very high.
the web service ’ s philosophy of providing information that is trustworthy was … ( very poor / very good )
overall , i would give it the quality of - - - - a high rating .
i would be able again to use the equipment here in the crc even if there was no one around there to show me how to really use it .
generating new ideas to reengineer business processes existing through it .
Evaluate the typical extent of reuse of existing design features in the products designed after the CPC solution was deployed.
supplier management keeps abreast with latest technological developments .
was there much conflict involved concerning this system between yourself and others ?
i feel safe in my transactions on this auction seller
i have your resources and your knowledge and the ability to make use of the crc .
Line-Manager Knowledge: In your view, to what extent does each unit's management team recognize IT as a tool to increase the productivity of professional employees?
a specialized instruction concerning the popular software is available to me .
I feel there is less sharing of knowledge among coworkers for fear of being replaced.
sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace did the good job in their past .
generally speaking , i want to do what my professors might think i should not do .
The images used in the website are satisfying.
variable error rates .
Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in earlier phases.
even a web site that very quickly loads up all the text and graphics is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
i intend to use the crc - term .
although the various departments within our our is is group often seem to be moving in different directions . our is group explicitly rewards the individuals of departments for generating new ideas .
anxious ? inexpressive ?
with respect to the client team in this outsourcing context , they indicate the extent for which you agree or agree with the following statements : " client team members frequently update their technical skills .
quality and competence of systems engineering employed by is department
improved personal effectiveness
when i was not using ms excel , i used features directly that helped me compare and to contrast aspects of the data .
i definitely find using this web site useful .
people whose help i value would prefer me to use [ my spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator for an assignment .
Personal - impersonal.
manager - feedback
poor financial reputation of trading partner ( s ) .
were the output options ( print times , page sizes allowed for , etc . ) sufficient for your users ?
my only actual intention to use electronic mail regularly today is : extremely strong - extremely weak .
interpersonal ;
using such a pws fits into my work style .
Shopping from X’s Internet site makes my life easier
I make errors frequently when using electronic mail
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This activity cannot be easily transferred to other organizations.
i also am likely to make another purchase coming from running this site if i need the products that i will buy .
ceo ' s role in the it steering committee
when people give personal information to a company for some reason , the company should never give this information for any other purpose .
learning to operate at a pws is easy for me .
how often have you participated actively in research and / or led in developing information systems ?
i did not not have to expend very much effort to try taking out the pws .
Relationship with EDP staff
the networks that provide access
an individual formally is responsible only for coordination ( e . g . , a project manager ) .
maybe the crc will fit into my workstyle .
i am concerned enough about providing this personal information to online companies , because potentially it could be used in a way i did not foresee .
Major emphasis on meeting customer needs
how informed were you about the it policies in your business unit ?
these is units will have operating hours more convenient to all their users
people don ’ t like to need to do a lot of thinking .
i have the resources and the power , the ability to make use of the crc .
how satisfied were you on your team ’ s process ?
i think that those things that are important to him would want me to use [ the spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator for the test .
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with software difficulties.
to aid me in achieving my ( accomplishment ) of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology ) type ) is : easy to master master - difficult to master
CEO involvement in decision-making.
also please evaluate on the level of knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive in how to guide your firm firm ’ s financial decisions related to the timing and level of its investment in emerging technologies .
our systems design methodology helps to develop more reliable systems .
i maintain informal contact with tmt members
using the crc would be : unpleasant - like .
after browsing around for a while i had no real idea where to go next .
What is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in reporting the team's progress to a higher organizational level.
" this website is helpful for me to evaluate the product .
what often have you assisted in and / or led in implementing information systems projects ?
the product that i ’ ve already examined is good .
supplier that develops new technology products critical to your business success .
i believe that my organization requires periodic audits to detect the presence of unauthorized programs on its computers .
in general , the organization has supported the introduction of the pcs .
how important is the opposition of employees for the firm regarding the use of it in these last 6 months ?
i am permitted to use a pws as a trial run long enough to see what it could do .
companies should not directly use their personal information for any purpose unless it has already been authorized by the individuals who provided the information .
using the crm system runs contrary to my values about how to conduct the job
delete a . wk1 file from a computer or hard disk ?
PWS are not very visible in my organization.
I believe that I have too few options to consider leaving this organization.
i can rely on this business whenever that i want , to purchase important products .
online people would be trustworthy in handling ( the information ) .
our group reached mutual understanding on how we should adapt the electronic meeting system to perform the task .
during my last visit at booksamillion . com i felt absorbed intensely in the activity .
how knowledgeable are you about secondary sources of knowledge as a source matter of information about it ?
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is credible was  … (very poor/very good)
today it provides fast and accurate answers to the customers ’ inquiries ( including q & a ) .
My behavior is usually an expression of my true inner feelings, attitudes and beliefs
How often was your project executive successful in overcoming restrictions in getting you the things you needed in your job in this project (such as equipment, personnel, budgets, etc.)?
please will rate the effectiveness of your new product development and work unit in the following statistical activities relative to your major competitors : we have effective routines to quickly identify , value , and import this new information and knowledge .
Top-management is actively involved in strategic IS planning.
to indicate your level of agreement with this following statement : “ the chief executive had considerable knowledge about how to build and implement systems . "
how little influence do you have in determining how work exceptions are to get handled ?
developing clear guidelines of managerial responsibility needed for plan implementation .
our systems development methodology provides a useful list of possible systems software development process activities .
do you make it clear to user management that they authorize work done on the next stage in the systems development process by giving their approval of all the report written on the preceding stage ?
i am trained by this technology to do more work that i can handle .
i am not confident enough about my decision reached myself for the appraisal task .
where the layout of the auction listing is annoying
please indicate to how important the following is knowledge or skills are needed in supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to better understand technological trends
and use the pull - down menu - bar to interface with wordperfect ?
Easy to Learn
overall high cost - effectiveness of information systems
a supplier that will be flexible in response to requests that changes may be beyond the terms of your contract .
i went over some things i had learned in prior modules
Groups I work with find [would find] it easy to get an electronic meeting system to do what they want [would want] it to do.
individuals in our is group will rely on formal formal lines of authority when handling important issues .
that it will help us to serve our customers / clients .
how informed are you about making it vision statements for your business unit ?
Online shopping gives me a wider range of product choices compared to shopping at conventional stores.
Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: positive - negative.
please indicate how important your following management knowledge or skills are for supporting your operational needs of your company 10 years from now : ability to plan , organize & write clear , concise , effective memos , reports , and documentations
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: quite useful-quite useless
what is your general knowledge of traditional system development life style ?
even our main competitors who have adopted comprehensive enterprise resource planning are favorably perceived by their suppliers and customers .
this business partner always keeps their commitments
In general, how much does your firm usually want to do what  all other employees who might use IT think the firm should do?
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in using logistics to execute outbound logistics ?
short lead time required for new information systems development
there tends to be dialogue on important issues between the managers of the different groups in our is group .
Projects whose primary benefit is providing new decision support information to top management.
the information generated by - - - is clearly visible on the screen .
x ’ ' s internet site is aesthetically appealing
Print a spreadsheet with a header line on every page?
you should never sell the personal information on their computer databases to other companies .
we have ( / or we expect to have ) significant amount of communication between the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) , and us .
i know where to find what i want on the web .
to carry out my duties , i must work to ensure i am not annoyed with customers when i really am .
usually , my direct parent does not have to approve my decisions before i can make action .
my level of familiarity with the .
Supplier will be able to satisfy your JIT (Just in time) inventory requirements.
visually , this site resembled other sites i think very highly of .
i am creative when i interact with a world - wide web
I intend to continue using this system to exchange with other people.
overall overall efficiency of software .
Changes in the criteria used to determine the relevant status of different persons in the system.
When someone praises this community, it feels like a personal compliment.
with respect to the vendor teams in this outsourcing situation , they indicate the extent to which they agree to disagree with the following statements : if the client team required help , the vendor team would try its best to help .
how would you rate this design team on their reputation and work done during requirements definition ?
i intend to increase my use level of shopping online in the future .
the degree that internet usage has been promoted by pressure from customers
Using  enterprise resource planning in our company decreased productivity at first due to time to learn.
citations count only if they contain new research contributions .
disseminating general ;
How likely is it that your firm has compatibility with current software that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months?
developing clear principles of managerial responsibility for plan implementation .
please indicate how important the employee is knowledge or skills are in supporting the operational activities of your company three years from today : ability to deal with ambiguity
to make work more interesting
please indicate how important . the following is knowledge or professional skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : a specific programming language language
- - - is easy to find .
actively involvement in monitoring project .
my experience in using the www was better than what i expected .
given the resources , opportunities and time it takes you use the tool ( [ my spreadsheet ] and my calculator ) it would be easier for me and choose [ the spreadsheet ] rather than the calculator for the task .
my interactions during shopping online , were clear and understandable .
" my organization also has a formal policy that forbids employees from accessing computer systems that they are not authorized to legally use .
timeliness of news reports .
after using this new web site , i am very … ( very displeased / very pleased )
quality measures like error rate and scrap rate are used as the basis for rewards systems for both information and systems personnel .
the appearance of the site is in line with the services she provides .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to foster your creativity?
how would you rate your own perception of risk from this site ?
our information systems are designed specifically to accommodate changes in business requirements quickly
I intend to continue using this system to coordinate with others.
trust accounting systems : all internal - exclusively external
members of the team believe they will be able to rely upon the members of the group not and make a job more difficult by careless work .
how perfectly credible is the logic chain linking to the benefits claimed with the direct outputs of the work ?
if the information in this auction listing is sufficiently detailed
if there is a financial problem with my transaction , then this seller will go out on a different limb for me .
Guidance is available to me in the selection of hardware and software.
i find that people listen to my private messages quickly .
how well did the contractors deliver what services they promised in terms of meeting the average overall sla ?
for me , being able to use such a computer when all i need to it is : unimportant - important .
what do they believe is a risk for regular internet users due of the possibility that personal information submitted could be misused ?
all individuals deserve equal treatment under the law .
i suppose i have the ability to summarize numeric information using the spreadsheet .
performance management standards are used to monitor and control output
many members of this group think that it is wrong to ever fork a project .
The reports provided by the system meet my exact needs.
i intend not use the crc to print projects , papers , or assignments this time .
quality problems are analyzed to identify problem - causes .
this site was simple enough to navigate .
but in terms of my job roles and responsibilities , my work load is too heavy .
the probability of interacting with other network members is low .
i find it easy to get the old tv to do what i want it .
those who formulate strategic is plans are largely accountable for their implementation .
How likely is it that you will be very confident in the decisions you make using this information systems?
use of a pc will increase the flexibility benefits of changing jobs .
only very special people fit in .
it is extremely complex and difficult task for your organization . find staff with expertise of using the internet interorganizational system
to what extent does the ess enable you to validate your world - view ?
Importance of activity now: develop application software – purchase and tailor
To what extent can we measure the projected outcomes of benefits?
please rate its effectiveness to your new product development work group in the following activities relative to your major competitors : overall , our activity is well coordinated .
productivity and improvements .
I find it easy to get the (task-related) portions of (system) to do what I want it to do.
this website contains many information exciting to senses .
we could complete the project using that spreadsheet package if i could call someone for help if i got stuck .
it maintains my personal information , so i sometimes can make repeated text orders more conveniently .
In my work, I usually do not have to refer matters to my direct supervisor for a final decision.
importance of whether a site are going to use the information they collect from me in a way which will identify them .
IS is not vital to our organization.
as far as the present service exists , i doubt that i would switch to another website
this team has taken an effort to ensure that the project being designed meets a user ’ s needs .
legaladvice . com is truthful only in its recent dealings with me .
knowledge gained using this system will be very helpful to me with all other systems in the future .
expanding market share for existing product / service
it is easy and learn the steps to use the system .
how do you evaluate your partner firm ’ s performance in applying it to its support entering new markets ?
if i really wanted to , i could also become skillful at making very good product purchasing decisions on the web .
but the system is a ( bad / good ) idea .
the other members of the group don ' t seem they respect my presence .
getting this product from this web vendor would save me money within the next 30 years .
i love that other people consider my ranking ( reputation ) when they interact with her .
there are constant changes in computer software in the organization .
overall , using the www platform is advantageous .
enhanced ability of compete .
instructions for using equipment stored in the crc will be very hard to follow .
our systems - development methodology therefore helps to design the architecture of the system to be developed .
during my first visit to booksamillion . com i felt sick .
browsing this website , i had a desire for buy items that would not pertain to my specific shopping experience .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment of learning ) , overall , i feel ( system ) - a ( technology type ) is : easy - learn - difficult - learn
i oppose any change to the new way of working under the nop system .
please indicate a frequency with whom you access a database , dictionary , diagram , etc . at the same time as another search .
evaluated draft drafts .
information that is sufficient for your purchase decision : … ( very important at all / extremely important )
Overhead cost reduction.
and what is the extent to which it is not your fundamental responsibility to engage in scanning the environment inside the organization for threats to the project team ?
feeling secure that personal information is being kept private would also make making it much more difficult / easier for the me to purchase this product from this web vendor .
information systems chief executive supports quality improvement management processes .
he was permitted to use a pws upon a trial basis long enough to see what i could do .
evaluate the typical degree of interconnectedness in product components after the cpc system was deployed .
a service that is difficult to really learn is : bad - good .
i frequently receive phone requests from two or more parties .
a web site held my attention .
i believe i had the ability to manipulate the way the number appears in a spreadsheet .
working with this distributed team is helping me learn how to rapidly implement new team strategies .
using this web site would make a good idea .
makes payment exactly on time .
relative to most comparable is projects , how did the most recently completed project rate improve adherence to budgets ?
scope of activity now : implement data management procedures
i believe that most young people do a very thorough job at their work .
users will feel safe in their transactions with these is units : employees
the information provided by - - - is clearly not presented on the computer screen .
supplier that establishes a very high - level of mutual confidence , with your firm .
our systems development model methodology helps users to de - crease the cost of systems development .
the information system provides up - to - date information .
constricted ? more spacious ?
The information provided by --- is well formatted.
i find it so easy to get the system to do exactly what i want it to do .
- - - can flexibly adjust for new demands or conditions .
and i believe that it is easy to successfully get a pws computer to do what i want it to do .
specify , the extent , to which you would reveal ( the required information ) through the internet : not probable - probable .
- - - returns answers to my numerous requests quickly .
although it might be helpful , because this system is certainly not compulsory in my job .
i intend to continue , using this system to justify my decisions .
there is a high potential potential for loss being involved in participating in amazon auctions .
for me , just enough computers for everyone to use is : unimportant - enough .
most , but only all , the members of my team are mutually responsible for the team ' s performance
based on all the reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect the information on the official web site to be clear in meaning ?
do changes in data input , processing , or system output requirements often require more than about a day of reprogramming and testing ?
please indicate how important this following is products or services are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to talk about business functions
I generally have faith in humanity.
i think agent x ’ s internet site is very exciting
The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: creative
our firm ' s commitment to using it over the next six months was : weak - strong .
information systems management has clear strategic objectives .
sometimes it is impossible or impossible to collect or aggregate data from many different sources because the data is defined differently .
importance of activity now : developing user - developed systems
using this web portal would be unpleasant .
buying and using products that are interesting and unusual assists me in developing my distinctive image .
companies must take more steps to make sure that more people cannot access personal information in their computers .
for this adjective , more please , circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : most creative
shopping from x makes making me feel like i am in another world
in the auction listing , one could find details about goods and / or services
range of outputs that can get generated
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I was deeply engrossed in the activity.
especially in the context of your organization ’ s overall information technology systems budget , how significant would the financial development cost of developing and implementing smart and edi system be ?
Shopping from X’s internet site “gets me away from it all”
please rate the effectiveness of your npd service unit in the following terms compared to your major competitors : we are quick to adapt to significant changes in our competitors ’ work structures .
based only on the reports provided to you about the official web site , do you really expect information on the web site to be in general , more useful in your purchase decision ?
Implementation process, the manner in which the computer system was introduced into your agency by the implementation staff
I feel burned out from my work.
managers of different special departments in our is group seldom have conflicting goals , and objectives .
software companies should take more steps to make absolutely sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers .
this section pertains to the usage of project plans in this outsourcing arrangement . also please indicate for the extent to which you agree with or you disagree with the following statements : the client assesses the maximum extent to which the entire vendor team follows the project plan plan .
the extent to which this community helps you to overcome problems .
the web site ’ s layout that was easy to go back and forth between pages . … ( very poor / very good )
i expect to have the time needed to properly get any information from this website within the next 30 days .
A PC can increase the quantity of output for same amount of effort.
my friends would think that i would use the crc .
Information Systems/Data Processing staff drew up a formalized agreement of the work to be done [during system definition/during physical design/during implementation].
i will rely on this business whenever i need to purchase important products .
please indicate how important the following is something or skills are for supporting the computing needs of every company now : ability to be self - aware and proactive
what is the extent to which it is our responsibility to engage in monitoring the environment inside the station for threats to the project team ?
credit card processing : exclusively internal internal - exclusively external
i believe that my agency controls computing activities to ensure that employees are performing only explicitly authorized tasks .
Responds beyond call of duty to urgent requests.
with the typical number of new product design challenges before the cpc solution was deployed .
How knowledgeable are you about IT or business people to contact outside your organization as source of information about IT?
Evaluate the average time it takes to communicate design changes related to product development before the CPC solution was deployed.
our organization group has just realized the following performance outcomes as a result of improving our interactions with this business partner : lower operating costs
attends your ( supplier ’ s ) presentation timeline of project milestones .
I feel that most Internet vendors are good at what they do.
It is difficult to secure top management commitment for implementing the plan.
my decision to participate in amazon auctions is made .
the tools used by the site allow me can communicate with the company .
Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: Reward system for creating reusable resources
please rate the effectiveness of your emerging new product - development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we shall ensure of an absolutely appropriate mutual allocation of resources ( e . g . , information , time , reports ) within our group .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in turn supporting the current computing needs of all your company three consecutive years from now : 4th generation languages
there is a sense of genuine warmth in the website .
knowledge acquired by firm is about use of development techniques .
To what extent is your IS department using YSM (Yourdon Systems Method) at present?
once the trial period is over , i will arrange to permanently adopt a smart - card and payment system , as soon as possible .
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit in the following activities similar to your main competitors : we frequently scan your internet to identify new business opportunities .
the virtual workspace and repository created by the team enabled me to be informed when knowledge and repository changes .
setting of systems priorities to reflect overall system objectives
the level of participation in sisp generated by diverse interests outside of the organization is high .
using enterprise resource planning in our company required an unprecedented overall change in the overall values , norms , and culture within the company .
using the crm system is a unique experience for me
however the advantages of using the crc will outweigh the disadvantages .
using the exact same system enables me and my staff can process payments more quickly .
i expect the layout of this website will be intuitive .
why was there much debate about the issues , concerning this system between yourself and others ?
all the advantages of the crc will outweigh all the disadvantages .
how many is the number of additional reports needed for your firm regarding the use of it in the next few months ?
the methodology fails to assess on the external technological environment .
identifying and identifying potential sources of resistance to is plans .
SISP output fails to identify specific new projects.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the personal computing needs of your next company three years from now now : ability ability to accomplish assignments
i am not confident about my being reached for my appraisal task .
please rate the overall effectiveness of your npd work - unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we frequently will scan the environment closely to identify new business opportunities .
effectiveness of performing information requirements analysis .
The competitive conditions require our firm to use  enterprise resource planning .
sellers in amazon ’ s auctions also are in general reliable .
knowledge about certain environmental constraints that the organization operates within ( i . t . , regulation , supplier relationships , competition , etc . ) is . . . of practical use / of absolute necessity
It increased our productivity.
My typical approach is to trust new acquaintances until they prove I should not trust them.
If I was faced with a similar purchasing decision in the future, I would use this data exchange again.
Projects involving applications of new technologies.
dr . malcolm x encourages people to work as a team .
i probably would feel more confident in purchasing the policy through the web than through an agent .
implementing the projects and other data architecture specified in the sisp output requires substantial further analysis .
For me, feeling comfortable using a service on my own is: (unimportant/ important).
i am able to finish homework assignments quickly by deadlines
four or more levels
please indicate that important the following is knowledge or experience are in supporting : computing needs of your company three years from now : management of business functions
i am able to experiment with pws as is necessary .
i : dislike - like the idea about using the crc .
members of this community value the reputation people gain by participating in open source projects .
extent to determine which formal policies to promote development of reusable design / code are also implemented .
there is a considerable risk involved in cheating in amazon auctions .
on average , a please indicate the extent to which , and the percent value of which , requirements specifications consists of the reused components .
this section pertains with the usage of meetings or conference calling in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree to disagree with the following guidelines : the client initiates regular meetings or conference calls with a project team to discuss the project plans , issues , and resolutions .
the degree of personal control the person feels over which is services are received
using an ems makes it [ would make it ] easier not for groups i could work with not to carry out their tasks .
i will probably look like a job at a different school in the next year .
the company maintains an up - to - date website .
A good consumer online privacy policy should have a clear and conspicuous disclosure.
understanding the dispersion of data , applications , or other technologies throughout the universe .
most of the group believe that the best code wins out in the end .
How effective was your group at generating ideas?
The developers of the EMS would probably be shocked at [disagree with] how our group used the system.
significant weight will be placed upon project performance to meet client requirements .
The extent to which this community helps you to generate ideas.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to work cooperatively in a one-one-one and project team environment
Increasing the proportion of IS department’s effort expended in creating new systems
i do many things that are apt to be easily accepted by one person and not accepted by others .
dr . x is jealous of others ' feelings .
i am likely to make another good purchase from running this site if i need the products that i will now buy .
major emphasis on meeting customer service needs
The methodology requires too much user involvement.
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in assessing the regularity of appraising competitors and their products — both already existing and with potential relative value to your major business competitors .
i am concerned that the information i submit back to online companies could potentially be misused .
increase your access to computer services staff
team members also participate in project planning .
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: flexible to interact with - rigid to interact with
please rate the effectiveness by which your new product / development work unit uses and the efficiency of information technology software tools to create parallel workflows so that multiple tasks can often be worked on almost simultaneously early in the new product development process .
i would like the idea of you using this web site .
it is important to maximize this value .
I would be able to use the equipment in the CRC even if there was no one around to show me how to use it.
the online site provided sufficient support for the product .
sellers in amazon prime ’ s auctions are in general honest .
lack of adequate accounting or legal support .
Overall, using this website is useful in shopping.
i feel fatigued when i get back up there in the morning and i have to face another day on the job .
during the final video demonstration , i was absorbed by the demonstrated activities .
We have (or expect to have) constant monitoring of the vendor to ensure smooth execution of this business process.
our systems development methodology also helps to develop more efficient systems .
i tried to put important things into my own words
overall , how satisfied were you with participating in this global , virtual - team collaboration ?
This section pertains to the usage of requirements documentation provided by the client in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client assesses the extent to which the vendor team meets the requirements specified by the client.
sisp output needs to sufficiently address the role of a permanent policy planning group .
software companies generally should never share personal information with other software companies unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information .
our business relationship with [ vendor name ] is characterized by the high levels implicit of trust
For this adjective, please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Flexible
the importance of job
In different situations and with different people, I often act like very different persons
to do my job effectively , i must hide any lingering anger i otherwise may feel with customers .
For this adjective, please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Spontaneous
CEO attendance at project meetings.
the virtual workspace engine or repository used by the team enabled me to easily know rationale behind the decisions made by the team members , so that decisions and rationale can often be easily revisited later .
The Web site was engaging.
quality and competence of systems analysts are employed by is department
product has a very high manufacturing quality requirement .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: 4th generation languages
the effectiveness of computer services ;
I like the ease of comparison shopping.
What is your general knowledge of imagery technology?
- direct report
i must act like they care about customers ' concerns even when they find it hard to be interested .
the network is designed to enable member - firms to share customer contacts .
i believe that i am a part of the team .
there will not always be enough computers for everyone to use back in the crc .
assuming i had access to the system , then i predict that eventually i would use the virtual advisor
prompt processing of requests for changes made to existing systems
please also rate the effectiveness by noting which your new product development team work unit uses the effectively tracking of rapidly changing information to update project deliverables in real time in the new product product development process .
only certain categories of is journal publications exist ( i . g . “ refereed ” and / as “ editorial reviewed ” ) .
what kinds of applications are customized , s . e . , developed expressly to manage interactions or flows of data between your organization and this business partner ?
i would have no greater difficulty telling others about the results of using such a pws .
technical workshops
and can you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying knowledge to support having manufacturing / operations flexibility ?
there will probably not always be enough computers for everyone to use in the crc .
companies should also never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other insurance companies .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We are forthcoming in contributing our individual input to the group.
please rate my personal knowledge about object oriented database .
the system is not compatible with the other systems i use .
currency : output
it is cheaper and manage your own data processing facilities or services than to rely on external data processing service - providers
employees will always be willing to support users
when suddenly i am uncertain of how best to act in social situations , i look to the behavior of others for clues
job - security
i intend to increase my use for shopping online in the future .
completeness analysis of reports .
i can see no reason to doubt my teammates ' competence and preparation skills for the job .
however the web site ’ s performance metric in providing information that is informative to your purchase decision was … ( : much lower than you originally thought / much higher than you thought )
i intend to use dms on my next job in the very near future .
but be effective in my work , i must try to be sympathetic to customers even when i am not .
Our group probably used the electronic meeting system improperly.
the very exact definition of data fields when relating to my tasks is easy to find out .
there was no conflict in our group regarding how exactly we should incorporate the electronic meeting system design into all our work .
when online companies ask me for personal information , though i do sometimes think twice before providing it .
not flexible - restricted .
using the crc is a ( or bad / good ) idea .
during on my one last visit to booksamillion . com i was already deeply engrossed in the activity .
My staff and I find it easy to get the Exact card system to do what we want it to do.
overall , using this website is useful in research .
Training encouraged trial and error approach.
our systems - development methodology improves the morale in our is department .
we am not happy about my decision reached for the appraisal task .
please evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that your npd work experience unit faces in assessing your product - market interaction area : in our kind of of business , customers ’ product preferences change a lot over the time .
attitude of the editorial staff
the information in this auction house listing is sufficiently detailed
i knew where i can go to satisfactorily try out various uses for a pws .
" the detailed data maintained by the corporation or division is exactly what i need to carry out my tasks .
Using the Exact card system is clear and understandable for me and my staff.
using the internet or tv is entirely within my control
we have invested a substantial amount of time and money into edi ( electronic data exchange ) technology .
i feel that reducing the number of requests , problems , or complaints i can deal with today is more than expected .
less cost - conscious
the operation value of - - - is dependable .
i just don ’ t like to have to do a whole lot of thinking .
in terms of system quality , i should say - - - highly .
In general, how much does your firm usually want to do what  suppliers/vendors think the firm should do?
this seller was likely to make sacrifices for me if needed .
i went back over things i had learned in prior modules
i intent to make use - - - as a routine part of my job over the entire next year .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to focus on technology as a means, not an end
volume of output information provided by monitoring the system
the training helped me see the usefulness of the excel .
when i was using ms excel , i used features that had helped me to derive insightful conclusions directly from the data .
I am concerned about submitting information on the Internet, because of what others might do with it.
the quality of information updatedness i experienced was ; very low - extremely low .
Our systems development methodology helps to design the architecture of the system to be developed.
" how often do you organize the following events for the tmt to increase their is [MASK] knowledge ?
the technical advisor allowed me to specify my preferred approach to generate recommendations
it usually bothers me when online people ask me for personal items .
please rate the effectiveness of your new economic development work group in those following activities relative to your major competitors : please have a global understanding of each partner ’ s tasks and responsibilities .
Bills on DP operating costs are meaningful.
Our organization provides end-user training before the introduction of new technology.
It offers custom-made communication services to individual users.
the physical training provided me with the opportunity to physically produce the procedural steps demonstrated through the video .
the vendor is competent and effective in providing reliable data exchange .
our team members have a global ranking that includes each team ' s decisions and the relationship among them .
we will have confidence only in one another on this team .
using chart - master would improve my own job performance
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is easy to simply read was … ( much a lower score than what you thought / much higher than you thought )
- technical - nontechnical .
the team builds a good “ map ” of each players ' talents and skills .
i would buy pirated software if it were also available .
i believe that society is easy to get a pws to do what i want it for done .
on average , please indicate the extent to which , and the percent to which , the data consists of reused data .
the website was my online shopping effectiveness .
frequently , after i see exactly what data are available or what the data say , i will change my view of solving the problem and think of what data are needed .
using a student information system in my job setting increases my productivity .
concern among users of the implementation staff
the virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily know who contributed the piece of content from the team repository .
our systems development methodology helps in implementing developed software systems .
they are used to promote reusability .
reliability of power output
Next time I need to shop for a sports watch, I would like to use this website.
trainer acted like an instructor .
the members of this team feel comfortable changing any part of the existing code at almost any time .
i am concerned about how much i can trust this vendor .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is in general, understandable for you in making your purchase decision was … (very poor/very good)
High degree of technical competence of the staff in the IS department
so learning to use this web site would be easy for me .
members of the group believe that you only become the hacker when others call you a hacker .
I believe that a PWS is cumbersome to use.
i plan not use the system in the upcoming < n > months .
interpersonal social communication
user ’ s understanding design of systems
to what purpose is your is department using objectory at present ?
our information standards are designed to accommodate changes in business requirements quickly
i find the system to be useful in my new job .
The cost of interacting with other network members is low.
in terms with the features of the web site that provide the information you need , using the web that made the … ( happy / delighted )
evaluate the typical level of interconnectedness between product components after the first solution was deployed .
faced with a difficult legal system , users would be willing to pay to access information on the legaladvice . org main site .
extent to extent which reuse of code / design components is monitored .
easy - to - use - hard - to - learn .
how important is the compatibility with current software for your firm regarding to the continued use of it in the next next 6 months ?
an understandable set of steps could be followed for converting user needs to requirements requirements .
and projects which appear to offer new ways for company to complete .
this web vendor alone would be competent enough in delivering this product in a timely fashion .
We were totally immersed in resolving this problem.
what is the extent and to such which it is your responsibility to engage in persuading others to support the management team ' s decisions ?
i expect that using mds again would be interesting .
Learning to operate the CRM system is easy for me
use of a pc can significantly help increase the quality of the output of my job .
as would you describe your group ’ s problem solving ability ? efficient / inefficient
on average , they rate the performance of amazon ’ s / ebay ' s auction sellers in favor of competitive pricing .
The opportunity to do challenging work is important to me
using the crm system is counter to my own values
compared to its competitors , how does your organization rate on its rate of response to new customer needs ?
there is a sense of human contact present in the website .
cio - using is jargon when interacting with tmt members
please rate the average of amazon ' s auction sellers on average on fulfilling their goals : competitive pricing .
I believe that my organization actively monitors the content of employees’ e-mail messages.
makes job creation easier
line - manager knowledge : in both your view , to what extent does each individual unit ' ss management team now recognize it as a tool to increase the productivity of clerical line employees ?
this information is likely to be reliable .
the quality of information and relevance i originally expected was ; very low - very very high .
right now , to what extent do , you feel hostile ?
Companies should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases.
Overall, how much personal influence did you have on this system?
please indicate your level of agreement with the following statement : “ the project executive had considerable knowledge about how best to build , and properly implement computer systems . ”
Members of this group believe free software is better than commercial software.
responds beyond call of duty to make requests .
i plan to increase my use of shopping online in the future .
easy ? easy ?
in terms of system structure , i . rate - - - highly .
It provides fast and accurate answers to the customers’ inquiries (Q&A).
companies also should devote more time time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal information .
the quality of information completeness i experienced was ; very very low - - very high .
how big is all the it work involved in the program ?
use of a steering group for developing and monitoring the information system
how often , are you able to acquire the additional external information you needed to complete a task ?
please rate the effectiveness measures by which your new product or development work unit uses and the effectiveness of it tools ( e . , g . , collaborative design tools ) for seamless virtual product design reviews in the resulting new product development work process .
i believe that my office reviews logs from employees ’ computing activities on a regular basis .
employees find no ambiguity in executing their business process .
our group members were able to reach consensus about how to apply the electronic meeting process to this task .
I like doing the things I do at work.
they will tell the users exactly when services will be performed
using the exact card system is compatible with both phases of my business ’ sales transactions .
today i feel that i will not be entirely able to count on my team members to help me .
--- is easy to operate.
the content on the website is effective .
Overall, I find the electronic mail system useful in my job
the electronic mail system often behaves in unexpected unexpected ways
members of the this group think that it is wrong just to fork a project .
have city departments and agencies implemented cost based accounting procedures to help track or estimate the cost effectiveness of major programs or activities ?
i ’ m more interested in what others think about this community .
amazon . com increases my productivity in home shopping for cds .
i soon am forced to change my work habits to adapt to new medical technologies .
importance of activity three years from now : implement new or changed computer - supported software business and processes
i tried to connect information to things that i already did know
in my organization , he sees pws on many desks .
I am extremely glad to have chosen this organization to work for over other organizations.
the technical competence of the support service people i experienced was ; very very low - very very high .
the quality assessment of the reliability of the support service i experienced was ; very low - - very high .
the virtual workspace or repository used by the team has enabled the me to easily find specific wikipedia entries in repositories that have been contributed by those specific individuals .
learn to operate a pws is easy for me .
please rate the effectiveness from your npd work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we will review our own development efforts to ensure products are in line with what the consumers want .
- flexible
in an auction listing , one can find information related to customer service
reducing production costs
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to accomplish assignments
Quality goals and policy are understood within the department.
compared to your competitors , how favorably does your organization rate on the production efficiency of software production systems for current product lines ?
they have no desire to buy from the website .
companies should also take more steps to make absolutely sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers .
To what extent are you willing to use the Internet to conduct sales transactions at e-commerce sites that require you to provide credit card information (e.g., using sites for purchasing goods or software)?
how likely are you , and within the next three calendar years to : write or not call an elected official or consumer organization to complain directly about the way companies use personal information .
in that job , how important would it be to you to have good average working conditions ?
in comparison with other shopping malls , the price of the goods and services ( including food stamps ) are reasonable .
User satisfaction is an important factor in determining rewards for information systems personnel.
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the very following activities relative to all your major competitors : management actively involved in activities aimed at the enterprise working level .
based on the reports it provided to you about the web site , do you expect that having the web site in the general , too is easy to navigate ?
because the contractors were previously part of the nonprofit organization , i expect the contractor to volunteer and perform more tasks outside the service level area ( sla ) than other vendors .
adapting the goals / objectives of is . changing goals / objectives for the organization .
so in general , a web - site that is user - friendly is … ( not important at all / extremely - important )
overall , for how enjoyable did you find your experience ?
Users perceive that the system meets intended functional requirements
i expect that using mds will be enjoyable .
- - - - reliably .
please record the level of experience of your firm ' s senior is executive in how your competitors are applying skills in their business .
I am unimaginative when I interact with the World-Wide Web
using the crm system is different from other experiences i had had
integrated processes exist to ensure that product life - cycle processes are implemented and planned concurrently with design as the cpc solution is deployed .
i believe that it is easy to get a pws to really do what only i want for it to do .
this team has done such a good job in figuring - out how work will flow among team members .
Our data processing operations are more complex than the data processing operations of peer banks
Emphasizing Quantity of Output
is insists on royalty - free records
with respect to the management team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate a level to which you agree or disagree with the following guidelines : the client team members frequently update their technical positions .
if you exert a great effort , then the likelihood ( probability ) that you will not be a highly - effective performer in this job , is . . .
for example , being unable to easily operate equipment of my own is : ( unimportant / important ) .
our systems development methodology helps to reuse earlier requirements , designs or code for systems development .
there is a sense of human warmth on the website .
importance of implementation now : implement system evaluation processes
companies should also devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy values of the personal information in all their databases .
Based on the advice I just read, I would serve notice, wait, go ahead and get the repair done, and then deduct the cost of the repair from my rent.
i like the way x [MASK] ’ s internet site looks
please note the effectiveness of the new product development support unit in the following table relative to your major competitors : overall , our group is well coordinated .
using the crm system fits my preferred method for doing my .
relationship to other stakeholders in the project ( ceo , users , consultant ) .
the information provided by the www was better than what i expected .
i could complete the job using a simple software package if i ever had seen someone else using it before before trying it myself .
Please rate your personal knowledge about relational database management system.
bond accounting systems : exclusively ; internal - exclusively external
to become members in the network , candidate firms must demonstrate commitment to the ideals of random access software .
did he have responsibility for requesting federal funds to cover unforeseen expenses / cost overruns ?
please indicate the ease with which you construct data flow diagrams .
i have not seen many others using a pws in quite my own department .
The data I enter on the exchange can be relied upon.
please indicate how important the following statement is : knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of ... your company , three years from now : 4th generation languages
technological improvements .
the website adequately meets my information requirements .
to evaluate overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : management effectively administers relevant policies and functions .
but in general , how much more did you feel that the project executive could do to further your career ?
Overall, using the WWW is advantageous.
effective training programs for users in an is capabilities
i expect this website will help me carefully evaluate this product .
Are systems development resources constantly shifted to respond to crisis situations facing the organization?
the quality and information availability i originally found was ; very low - very high .
how often today are you able to acquire the additional external information needed to complete a given task ?
please rate the effectiveness of your npd software unit in the following activities related to your major competitors : we often review our product design efforts to show they are in line with whatever the customers want .
i feel fatigued when i wake up for the morning and have to face another day on this job .
my using a pws requires a lot more mental effort .
in your job , how important can it be for you to have security of employment ?
now i feel emotionally drained from my work .
i frequently deal with these ad hoc , nonroutine business problems .
sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s internet auction marketplace did such a good job in the recent past .
i believe that this is my personal favorite retail website
SISP output fails to determine an overall data architecture for the organization.
i feel used up at the end part of the work day .
i tried not to recall the key ideas from earlier in the tutorial
Non-automated/non-sophisticated trading partner(s).
Using this web site would be a foolish idea.
please demonstrate the effectiveness of the new business and work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we ensure all the output of our work is synchronized with the work of others .
i am very contented , with the information system .
the diversity of software packages are used for work ( number of packages )
a pws was available only to me [MASK] to adequately test run various applications .
using a personal information system enhances my effectiveness on the job .
how would you rate my expectations that things would go wrong in buying up this website ?
Specialized instruction concerning the popular software is available to me.
extent to which information exchanged ( e . g . , sales reporting , sales quality , product information , inventory price , etc . ) with ( partner company ) needs must be converted / needs to be interpreted by your company .
how do you evaluate your own firm ’ s performance in successfully applying it to execute manufacturing / operations ?
using an integrated electronic meeting system simply makes it [ would make it ] easier even for groups i work with to carry out their tasks .
changes in the personnel with which whom one interacts .
sisp output fails and determine an overall data architecture for the system .
just using a pws improves the quality of work i do .
i need to consult with the user manual often when using electronic mail
the team providing the dms training was credible .
how important is the number of additional additional employees being needed for your firm regarding the possible use of it in the next 6 months ?
The Web site’s performance that is a clear design was… (very poor/very good)
groups i work to find [ would be ] and ems to be flexible to interact with .
using an internet tv improves my productivity for communication and information search
opportunity to practice for points .
changing to the new way of dealing with the nop team would enhance my effectiveness on the job than not in the current way .
how likely is it that you will not be working with this new company this time next year ?
to evaluate the extent ( content ) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative interactions , related specifically to product development after the cpc solution was deployed .
I paid close attention to the video demonstration.
payroll / support personnel knowledge of the implementation staff
knowledge acquired by firm about use of key information technologies .
my past experience in amazon ’ s online auction marketplace was positive .
Monitoring of internal business needs and the capability of IS to meet those needs.
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance by applying it to execute sales ?
The output is presented in a useful format.
human resources management : exclusively internal - - external
what is your general knowledge of end - users computing ?
a large number of our production goods are custom designed for high specifications .
the results of using a pws system are apparent to me .
king ’ s internet site is aesthetically appealing
in your relationship relationship with ( partner company ) what percentage range of delivery procedures were you changed to suit each other ’ s needs ?
I designed the user training program for this system.
i do not agree on the change to the new way of working with a nop system .
my ability to critically analyze “ community - and ” - was improved .
I intend to use the CRC frequently this term.
with respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please please please indicate the full extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : overall the vendor team is also very knowledgeable about information systems and information technology .
Easy-to-use - hard-to-use.
the research methodology does not sufficiently involve users .
Once the trial period is over, I won’t see much need to continue to use a smart card payment system in my business.
i use the ess screen to see what ' s new .
- - - provides me with the most basic information .
i intend to continue using the system to coordinate with others .
information systems chief executive is responsible for quality performance .
Individuals in our IS group rely on formal lines of authority when handling important issues.
using booksamillion . com challenged me to perform to the best possible my abilities .
established procedures and practices could be easily relied upon to develop software that would best meet these requirements specifications .
i predict i would use the money for the next < n > months .
i am very pleased with the new information system .
the software and hardware used in this manufacturing process are specific to our firm .
do departments and agencies within just your own local government establish written objectives for the programs and services they provide ?
how important is the compatibility with current system hardware available for your firm regarding the use of it in only the next 6 months ?
supplier that keeps abreast with latest new developments .
i could complete the job using only a spreadsheet package if i could . call someone for help if i ever got stuck .
In terms of the features of the Web site that provide the information you need, using the Web site made you… (disappointed/delighted)
working with partner company has helped help you better understand the capabilities , and intentions of your competitors .
if i use a personal computer i will increase my effectiveness on the job
our information systems is highly scalable
that it will reduce the security of very important information .
the options using it within the next 6 months would be : good - bad .
information that is easy to read is not … ( not important at all / extremely not important )
Electronic mail enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly
the online site information had met my needs .
based on the reports we provided directly to you about the web site , do you expect that the web site in general , is user - friendly ?
Buying and using products that are interesting and unusual assists me in establishing a distinctive image.
importance of activity to three years from now : develop in - house applications
i expect this website to help let me get a real feel for buying this product .
using dms in my job will increase mine productivity ( u . g . , make my work easier ) .
such an understandable sequence of steps could be followed for developing software to successfully meet these requirements specifications .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work - unit , in all the following activities , relative to your major competitors : we are effective in continually developing new knowledge or insights that have the potential to influence product development .
i am concerned with submitting information on the data , because they could be used in a way i did not foresee .
the project manager ’ s behavior implies that he or she cares a great deal about team being the good design team .
Considering the time and effort that I have to spend, the change to the new way of working with the NOP system is worthwhile .
if i wanted to , he would easily operate any of the equipment on the crc on his own .
i plan to use their online shopping again .
evaluate the extent ( content ) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative interactions related to software development , the cpc solution was created .
the business plan my team developed today would convince experienced consultants not to join our new consulting firm .
overall , i feel that shopping online is easier .
i think i have the ability to enter numbers on a spreadsheet .
the schedule overruns are common in most projects
inadequate data volume to justify edi .
please consider the performance on your npd work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we are effective in discovering new product ideas .
it showed me how to focus on identifying with the central issues .
this task performance is relatively unaffected only by the performance of other individuals or departments .
all individuals deserve special treatment before the law .
to what extent are you willing to use the internet to help conduct sales transactions or at e - commerce sites that require you to provide credit - card information ( e . . g . , using sites for purchasing goods , or buying software ) ?
easy tools to use
Reliability of output
to what real extent does the ess enable you to maintain all your perspectives ?
A low percentage of hardware and systems downtime
please indicate however important the program is knowledge or skills are in supporting the specific needs of your company now : ability for plan , organize and lead projects
compared to google alone : increases my productivity in searching on the web .
Using the WWW is natural to me.
extent to which you exchange future plans such as promotion and marketing plans , long - term business plans , capital investments , and capacity building plan ( or company ) .
using an ems increases [ would increase ] in the productivity of groups i can work with .
During a normal week, how frequently do exceptions arise in your work which require substantially different methods or procedures for doing them?
steps that the administration ( including your assistant department - head , dean , and university system administration ) have taken to improve computing facilities
if our organization required help , then this trusted business partner would do their best to provide assistance
Please rate the pressure to adopt EDI placed on your organization by your competitors.
the average quality of system - functionality i experienced was ; very low - very high .
personal computer ( pc ) management : exclusively internal - exclusively internal external
how do people evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to support enhancing customer linkages ?
this provides adequate information to check the ordered items and their location in the process of ordering the item .
dr . x is willing to listen in to work - related problems .
i believe that it was not possible for me to carefully evaluate the various alternatives .
firms believe that the size distribution of all the network makes making it easy to know the competencies and activities of other members .
becoming skillful at making very good purchasing decision decisions on the web site would make it much more difficult / easier for me to purchase all this product from this web vendor .
- - - effectively combines data from different geographic areas of the company .
" people in our design team might not have enough knowledge or skill to perform their part of the team ’ s task well . reverse
I (dislike/like) the idea of using the system.
maybe the crc will improve my grades .
amount of work required depending on job
our systems - development methodology helps to design the architecture of the the system to be developed .
this organization has great deal more personal meaning for me .
poor reputation of a partner ( s ) .
Overall, I find the electronic mail system easy to use
i am not usually aware of who are logged on online .
most people whom i deal with losing my job encourage my change and the new way of working in the nop system .
i control the content of my words .
this team does quite a good job of trying to ensure that the new product being developed meets company demands .
Do you insist on user documentation which is well written and understandable by the user?
i am able to continue my schoolwork
what is your general general knowledge of e - commerce ?
using a crc will improve my grades .
My organization has processes that assure that all team members will be treated fairly and equitably.
having the time needed , would also make it much more difficult / easier for me to get information about using this product .
but the precise exact definition of data fields relating to my tasks is easy to find out .
the virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to more easily label an entry with multiple user key words that it pertains itself to .
i expect to have fun with mds .
it is easy for children to remember how to perform tasks using the pws .
there is a sense of human sensitivity in designing the website .
amount of work required for job
in general , how much did you feel that the project manager could do that further your career ?
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to teach others
information that is pertinent even to your purchase decision making is … ( not important at nearly all / extremely important )
that it will make us less afraid .
in building your relationship relationship with ( partner company ) what percentage of products and services are customized to best suit each other ' s needs ?
Using a PWS increases my productivity.
Knowledge of Performance on the Job
greater integration capabilities of automated systems .
please evaluate the possible level of knowledge and of what your firm ' s senior is executive in your industry ’ s practices .
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , how do you expect that the actual web site only provides a few clicks needed to locate information ?
my interaction with the crm system is clear , understandable
please indicate how important the following is your knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years away from now : ability required to learn new computing technologies
i also am concerned about providing personal information to online software companies , because knowing it could be used in a way i did not foresee .
symbolic involvement . user input is requested or ignored .
I would be willing to provide my social security number to LegalAdvice.com.
Which of the following best describes the senior IS executive’s involvement with the top management team?
The planning exercise is very expensive.
the working relationship which you have with computer services
users are dissatisfied with the overall quality of the systems
they have difficulty in communicating with the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) when there are any changes .
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in : supporting the computing needs of your new company three years from now : the ability to accomplish assignments
overall , i did find the electronic mail system easy to use
accuracy rate of reports .
The information on the website is pretty much what I need to carry out my tasks.
a low percentage of hardware / systems downtime
please further indicate how important . the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from the now : ability not to effectively focus on technology as a means , not an end
If I were to buy the same product again, I would likely buy it from this website.
i am not satisfied with the progress that we are making today in completing our project .
members themselves of this group are driven by a desire to constantly learn new things .
using electronic mail improves my daily job performance
prompt processing of requests for updates to existing systems
members out of this work team have a shared understanding of how code is to be written .
i try to connect information to things that i already know
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to interpret business problems & develop appropriate technical solution
before a decision is made , each possible possible course of action is thoroughly carefully evaluated .
your law firm using it within the next 6 months would be : : positive - negative .
importance of activity are now : support information access and security
using the crm system is not compared to anything that i ’ ve seen before
Members of this group are driven by a desire to learn new things.
given me the chance , i predict that i would consider bidding for products from sellers , in amazon ’ s auctions , in the future .
we can use price - cutting to increase our market share .
best practices initiatives are systematically institutionalized .
and i could complete the job using only the software package if someone else had helped me get started .
for me , product delivery in this timely fashion is important .
overall responsiveness from software to users .
no scope change without additional charge .
our systems development program helps to organize systems development projects .
i find my experience with running this website enjoyable .
our systems development methodology describes a systematic way of developing systems .
The electronic mail system addresses my job-related needs
the proportion for departmental co - workers who use a pc
the theory is not based on any theoretical framework .
how much conflict is there about the things you do ?
using the exact card system to the job performance of myself and my staff .
online companies that have collected my personal contact information provide better value than those without holding my personal information .
how well did these contractors deliver what they promised under terms of the deadlines specified in the sla ?
using an ems enables [ would enable ] groups i normally only work with to accomplish all their basic tasks more quickly .
Amount of Work required on Job
it could complete the job using a software package if someone told me how to do it first .
I am likely to return to this website for my next purchase.
The quality of information updatedness I experienced was; very low-very high.
non - automated / non - sophisticated trading partner ( - s ) .
I believe other people are too much concerned with online privacy issues.
this network was designed to enable member firms to compete for contracts that they couldn ’ t compete with on their own .
this section pertains specifically to the usage characteristics of meetings during or before conference calls in this outsourcing management arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you must agree or disagree with the following statements : during the group meetings or before the conference calls , the client provides significant feedback to the vendor team regarding their performance .
knowledge about the few key organizational factors that must go over right if the new organization is to succeed . extremely low / extremely high .
Flexibility of data and reports available from systems
how long have you been with ... your current organization ?
I won't be able to use a computer in the CRC when I need it.
i feel emotionally drained when i get home from my work .
if we decide to terminate inhouse is operations , there are other external service - providers who could not provide to us both with the same basic level of is facilities and services
companies should also devote even more time to and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases .
My experience with using this website was better than what I had expected.
requirements fluctuated quite the bit in early phases of this project .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: increased productivity
there are always new developments in all the new technologies we use in our organization .
A service that is compatible with the way I work is: bad - good.
i have the knowledge necessary to use the solar system .
they will only provide their services at the times they promise to do so
not using ( system ) enhances my effectiveness in ( accomplishing a task ) .
i would not express my opinions ( about the way i do things ) in order to please anyone else or win their favor
convenience of society .
using the system in a job increases my productivity .
using electronic mail improves the quality control of the work i do
there is no significant difference between the ordered items and the delivered items .
How much friction is there among members of your team?
i can usually trust sellers unless they give me a good reason not to trust them .
i had enough practice because of the demonstrated computer skills .
but usually , my direct supervisor simply does not have to approve my decisions before i can take action .
knowledge gained using that system will be transferred to me with other systems in the future .
--- performs reliably.
using the crm file system does not fit the standard way i view the world
employees will provide prompt service to users
today our systems development methodology reminds me about all the activities / tasks of systems development .
and please also evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that your npd work unit faces in your product - market area : the new product introductions are very frequent in our this market .
reliability of the software .
please specify a rate at which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to enable reuse of the types of resources listed above : reusability as formal part of employee performance evaluation
i had the opportunity to properly practice the demonstrated computer operations .
when users do have a difficult problem , is shows a sincere interest in solving it
setting of systems priorities to reflect overall organizational strategic objectives
how often do members disagree about what way to complete a team task ?
it is easy for a me [MASK] to become skillful at using the ( mostly task - related ) portions of ( system )
what is your general knowledge of client - service ?
our systems development team helps to align the system to be developed with the customer .
all other things considered , using the system is a foolish more than – wise move .
It is [would be] easy for groups I work with to become skillful at using an electronic meeting system.
our firm experiences frequent over - stocking or over - stocking of its goods .
a typical service type that will improve my grades is : ( bad / good ) .
Quality of communication between DP and users.
A service that fits well with the way I work is: bad - good.
Information systems chief executive supports quality improvement processes.
using the system enhances my effectiveness in my battle .
but in doing everything your job how often do you use a microcomputer ?
that way it will lead to more downtime in our operations .
i like having a greater product selection .
the intensity of job - related pc [MASK] ( minutes per day , at most )
the tools provided by the web site help me better figure out my own product requirements .
i usually trust sellers unless they give me a reason never to believe them .
i would find mds training to be useful in my daily life .
I expect the sequencing of hyperlinks in this website to be clear.
my superiors expect me and use a pws .
in my organization , employees are briefed directly on the consequences of accessing computer systems that they are usually not authorized to actively use .
i do generally have faith in humanity .
this web interface is helpful even in familiarizing me with the product .
it has improved our performance .
using a student student information system makes it easier to do my job .
In doing your job, how often do you use a microcomputer on a local area network?
i am able to finish homework assignments followed by deadlines
working quickly with a computer makes me nervous .
the is department can work in with human resources . high morale is important .
i think that the online store i was purchased from performs with the service right .
a primary focus that is planning is controlling cost through extensive budgeting .
i would find it more convenient today to not file a claim on the web than through an agent .
The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
as an auction host / intermediary , amazon can be very counted - on to do what is always right .
electronic voice mail enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly
easy way to use
in respect of job roles and tasks , my work load is too heavy .
in general , our mode of operations is less risky then that of our enemies .
before the decision is made , each possible course of actions is thoroughly evaluated .
to which extent does the ess enable you to verify assumptions ?
a personal computer ( pc ) management : exclusively internal - exclusively external
i would intend to use this web - site very frequently .
Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: Library of reusable resources
The system is user friendly.
is he prompt in payment .
It is very easy to detach this business process from our other processes.
Application of modern database technology
i could complete a program using a spreadsheet package if i had seen someone else using it before trying it .
Knowledge about the goals and objectives of the organization (i.e. the corporate-wide business entity). Extremely low / extremely high.
My boss does not require me to use a PWS.
i would have greater confidence in any explanations provided by such web sites than those offered by an author .
i would feel pretty safe giving ( the information ) to online companies .
i was disoriented .
using a pws gives me greater control more over my work .
How well did the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of meeting deadlines specified in the SLA?
In general, the vendor is very knowledgeable about issues of Web-based data exchanges.
to some degree do you feel that the communication you received from the project executive was : inaccurate - accurate
i would have no difficulty telling others about the results because of using such a pws .
i am comfortable that other team members take responsibility on tasks which were critical to the project , even when i cannot monitor them .
i like to have maximum range of the product options .
Please indicate the frequency with which you automatically maintain a record of the changes made in a design.
their employees will be well dressed , and neat in appearance
i am familiar in the process of purchasing from this site .
The video demonstration held my attention.
please rate your personal knowledge about integrated data information ( edi ) .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to plan, organize and lead projects
based on the reports provided to you yesterday about the original web - site , do you expect that the web site is a clear design ?
The images used in the website are interesting.
i am familiar with searching of items on this site .
it also [ would be ] easy for groups i work in to become skillful at implementing an ems .
it was difficult to find a page that i had previously searched .
please rate your personal personal knowledge about computer aided software and technology ( case ) .
but i would trust the recommendation of such web sites more than the recommendation of an agent with regard to the more appropriate minimum level of coverage provided for my needs .
while using the web site i found my previous visit interesting .
In our relationship with (partner company) both sides are concerned about each other’s profitability.
evaluate the time time one takes to communicate design changes related to software development before the cpc solution was deployed .
we have difficulty of locating , accessing , and transferring information as needed from a vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) .
too much of my personal life would be disrupted if i had decided i want you to leave my organization right now .
we share procurement - related information electronically within of our firm .
the tools provided me by the site allow me to track where and how much money is currently being spent .
i feel safe in my transactions with this new seller
Receive substantial annual salary increases
the tools provided by the site ensure that i get the product .
maintaining the lines of communication with other departments .
and please indicate here how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company . three years out from now : decision support systems
information systems management with clear quality objectives .
my teammates and i can help each other better than most other sports teams on which i have worked .
My teammates and I help each other better than most other teams on which I have worked.
it is likely that i will actually bid for products from amazon in amazon ’ s auctions in a near term .
they plan to use online shopping again .
using such a pws is often frustrating .
human resources management : exclusively internal - exclusively external external
the content of the auction listing was accurate
advanced design techniques used for the software .
Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization, I expect the contractors to be more willing to put in a full day’s work for a full day’s pay than other vendors.
it bothers me to give personal information to so many insurance companies .
engaging in community - based partnership to address site and area - specific community needs .
Reliable - unreliable.
right about now , to what extent do you feel nervous ?
i can acquire product information on this website from various sensory channels .
projects which offer significant tangible benefit through improved manufacturing efficiencies .
overall , they find shopping online very useful .
Rules and procedures exist to deal with problems that arise between members.
Projects which appear to offer new ways for company to complete.
i feel assured that legal and technological structures adequately protect only me , from problems on the internet .
adequacy of technical support after its implementation .
my attention was focused – my attention was not elsewhere .
our mission is to support effective coordination across functions ( e . . g . , marketing , manufacturing ) and product lines .
using the www has become automatic for me .
the printers that now use
Using the CRC will fit well with the way I work.
how likely are you , planning within the next three years to : write or call an elected official or consumer protection organization to complain about or the way companies use their personal information .
according to your competitors , how does your organization rate on the rate at which new software markets will be entered ?
it is very high quality .
a service with more advantages than disadvantages is : ( ( bad / ) good ) .
because the contractors were previously part of the government client services organization , i expect the contractors willing to volunteer to do more tasks outside of the service level agreement ( sla ) system than other vendors .
Information that contains a wide variety of topics is …(not important at all/extremely important)
aristotle ’ s understanding of systems
our is provide us with the facts and information we need to support our up - - to - day decision makers .
difficulty in achieving “ critical mass ” share of trading partners .
- job specificity
please indicate however great the result is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : cobol , or other third generation .
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is , in general , understandable for you as in actually making your purchase decision was … ( much much lower than you thought / too much higher than you thought )
but using electronic mail in my job also increases ( would increase ) my productivity .
information about the primary functions of the organization is . . . of no use / of absolute .
organizational technical and support infrastructure is available to help me in case of need .
evaluate the typical number of proposed new product design features before the cpc [MASK] solution was deployed .
that is employees give prompt service to users
Delivers complete and comprehensive documentation (e.g., manuals, product and design specifications).
An external committee or group responsible for coordination (e.g., a steering committee).
one that will be flexible in respect to requests that may be beyond the terms of your contract .
i certainly would intend to use this web site very frequently .
functionality improvements are very likely in our current production goods .
On average, how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? the actual quality of the finished software.
when system changes are necessary , can the changes be easily or efficiently implemented ?
a lot of effort lately had had to be spent in reconciling the basic requirements of various users of this software .
there is difficult to find a team leader who meets the criteria specified in the methodology .
interesting ? very boring ?
bills on dp operating costs are reduced .
Impersonal? Personal?
are completed projects more successful in meeting their design objectives ?
i have a set system for using the ess .
it is important to provide an easy return path .
I am going to use the system in the next <n> months.
I could complete the job using the software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting all the computing needs of all your company now : dynamic data management ( e . g . , dynamic data modeling )
frequently , in the mindset of using data to help address some issue , i may decide how to restate the underlying problem and thus access slightly different data than what i had at first planned .
our systems development methodology assists in defining useful milestones for our systems development process .
all the personal information stored in computer databases should be periodically double - checked for accuracy — , no matter how much this costs .
x doesn ’ t just sell products ; she entertains me
edit a worksheet not containing macros ( and make the macros execute them properly ) ?
Reduced need for cash-on-hand (“Float”).
the data is subject also to frequent system problems and crashes .
to what extent are so you willing simply to use the internet to automatically retrieve information from the websites that require you to submit accurate and identifiable registration information , possibly not including credit card account information ( e . g . , through using sites that typically provide personalized stock quotes , insurance interest rates , or loan rates ; or using sexual or gambling websites ) ?
the average quality of information accessibility i experienced was ; - very low - very high .
sellers in amazon ' s / ebay ’ s auctions are in general contact .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge gained or skills are required in supporting the personal computing needs of your company now : ability to work closely with your customers and maintain productive relationship user or client relationship
i was totally immersed in myself addressing this problem .
The methodology fails to take into account organizational goals and strategies.
playing with a computer makes me nervous .
but it would be ironic to have let the original developers version of the ems see how our group used up the system [ would view our group ’ s use version of the system as inappropriate ] .
We are usually the first ones to introduce various products and/or services in the market.
while using the web site she felt confused .
when you complete a task , how often , are they your conclusions based on adequate external information ?
i can use on the internet tv
it would be easy for me to become skillful at creating this internet site .
our systems development team helps to design the architecture for the system to be developed .
shopping on the web also saves money .
there is also a constant drive to improve operating efficiency .
based on the reports provided to you about the online site , do you expect that the web site in general , becomes user driven ?
these results of using a pws are apparent to me .
if i use a computer i will become better organized .
whether satisfied or dissatisfied are you over the process by which your group make the decision ?
our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with our client organization
our organization staff has realized , the following performance outcomes as a result , of our interactions with this business partner : improved asset management
using chart - master in my job will increase my productivity
what good is your general knowledge of multimedia ?
using booksamillion . com challenged me to perform to my best of an ability .
How much conflict is there about the work you do?
data dictionaries or data directories were available to me in locating or defining the meaning of corporate or divisional data .
importance of know how long a company will have information you collect from me in their database .
that it alone will improve efficiency .
This section pertains to the usage of meetings or conference calls in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client assesses the performance of the vendor team during the meetings or the conference calls.
we intend to use the crc frequently this term .
" interesting ? boring ?
the degree of personal control the user has over which is or services provided are received
evaluate the frequency distribution of collaborative interactions related primarily to product design and development before the cpc solution was deployed .
Extent to which content of information exchanged (e.g., sales reporting, product information, product availability, inventory information, etc.) with (partner company) can be interpreted similar to information exchanged with other partners.
I find it easy to get the Internet TV to do what I want it to
Browsing this website, I had a desire to buy items that did not pertain to my specific shopping goal.
i have the knowledge necessary to use up the system .
It was a difficult process.
what is your general knowledge of the www ?
completeness : output information
amount of physical strain to suffer ( e . g . , eye pain , pain in the neck / back / wrist / head / shoulder / head ) .
our group leader was able to reach consensus on on how we each should use the electronic meeting system to perform our task .
An understandable sequence of steps could be followed for developing software to meet these requirements specifications.
list the number of years in one of the functional areas ( hr , marketing , finance / marketing , manufacturing , marketing , general studies , other )
my organization has specific guidelines that describe the acceptable use of private computer passwords .
timeliness and reports .
my [MASK] has specific guidelines to describe acceptable use of computer passwords .
for me , getting accurate product data from a website is .
Dependable - nondependable.
I expect that using MDS would be interesting.
please rate the effectiveness of a primary product development work unit in the following activities relative to its nearest competitors : we have a global view of each other ’ s tasks and responsibilities .
how more important it is the compatibility with current software for your firm regarding the use of it only in the next 6 months ?
What do you believe is the risk for regular Internet users due to the possibility that personal information submitted could be misused?
overall responsiveness of the software to users .
these member firms share a sense of mutual interest .
the implementation team ' s relationship with the staff of your own agency
quality of communication between dp and mobile users .
overall , actually using - - - is a ( often unpleasant / pleasant ) experience .
In this session I will exert considerable effort in learning the material on FrontPage
based on my own knowledge , knowledge & experience , changing to the new way of working with the nop system would become easy for me .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s overall performance in successfully applying it to execute outbound logistics ?
what the project completion time will be .
The methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about organization site.
and i felt lost .
participating in community - site based partnership programs to address site or area - specific community needs .
that quality of information reliability i experienced was ; very high - very high .
I would buy pirated software if the cost of legal software were too high.
my teammates and i get along better than most other football teams on which i have ever worked .
suppose if a friend calls me to get my interest in his / her advice for a sports watch ; i would recommend him / her to sell the product .
i plan on expand my use of - - - over the next year .
Is the future state anticipated by the implementation of the program clearly understood and stated in the plan?
to facilitate operations , our bu ’ s / business procedures and routines are linked up with the ones of : our channel partners
information that is lacking in meaning is … ( not important at all / extremely rare )
evaluate product quality based on the number of ecos used before the cpc [MASK] solution was deployed .
Companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information.
Our systems development methodology helps to develop more usable systems.
group .
Using Booksamillion.com can increase my shopping effectiveness.
system responsiveness : changing user needs
Member firms share a common set of goals for the network.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: relational databases
our volume estimates for these goods are reliable .
in the case for any problem , i think the online store will get me prompt service .
the tools provided on this site has all of the functions needed to order a product .
i can easily operate the biggest internet tv on my own
how did you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to your outbound logistics ?
using standard ems makes it [ would make it ] easier for groups i worked with to carry out certain tasks .
there is a sense for personalness in the website .
i was stimulated to do additional work in the area of “ community - at first . . ”
written management guidelines exist to structure strategic is planning in our organization .
Most people on this team are basically honest and can be trusted.
production scheduling : both internal - exclusively external
please rate the effectiveness of our new product development work activities with the following activities relative to the major competitors : we ensure that our work tasks ( activities , designs , reports ) fit out very well .
a web site that usually is visually - attractive is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
Learning to operate a PWS is easy for me.
Effectiveness in recommending suitable computer solution.
Controllable
it would be more convenient to me to create a web to compare auto insurance prices than an agent .
i have the knowledge necessary to destroy the system .
the information within the auction listing is easy to .
however the web - site ’ s performance that in the general , provides good access was … ( very poor / very good )
your participation in making decisions , about computer resources
using this web site can improve online shopping performance .
In the auction listing, one can find details about products and/or services
to mention how important this following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the operational needs of your company three years from now : operating systems : mainframes
companies can never sell the personal information in their computer databases to other people .
merchants who use the exact card system have a higher profile nationally than those who do do not .
If I wanted to, I would easily operate any of the equipment in the CRC on my own.
communication : with edp staff
how well will the website fit your personal needs ?
you know that any number of requests , problems , or complaints i deal with is more than expected .
ceo ' s not thinking about it spending
the average performance of creating the web site that is easy to go back and forth between pages , was … ( much lower than you thought / much ( higher than you thought )
the virtual workspace or repository used by the writing team enabled me to easily interweave their notes , chat , e - mail , photos and documents in to the repository .
to carry out my job , i really must try to pretend i am still not annoyed with customers when actually i really am .
our is support for effective coordination across functions ( in e . g . , marketing , manufacturing ) and across product lines .
involvement by strong control . software users may pay directly not for new development , but out of their own budgets , or the user ' s ss overall organizational performance evaluation often depends on the outcome of the development effort .
I could apply new concepts that I learned from a computerized training program
what is the percentage for the applications developed by your who is staff using the fourth - generation languages or case technologies ?
i am motivated and learn the material of frontpage presented in this session
mds equipment would offer a good value for the money .
When an important legal issue or problem arises, I would feel comfortable depending on the information provided by LegalAdvice.com.
the amount of work
I would be more confident filing a claim through the web than through an agent.
I am comfortable relying on Internet vendors to meet their obligations.
the tools provided by the site help me in my determining what my product needs .
defines very clearly the deliverables required .
and to aid me in my ( accomplishment of various tasks ) , overall , i feel ( my system ) as a ( technology type ) is : clear to interact with - obscure words to directly interact with
sellers in wendy ' s / ebay ’ s auctions are in general competent .
in general , information that is reliable for determining your purchase decision is … ( not valuable at all / extremely valuable )
shopping also improves the quality of decision making .
knowledge about the primary functions of an organization . extremely low / extremely expensive .
how many people evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to execute manufacturing / operations ?
in my case , i have to try to understand two or more conflicting preferences .
Right now, to what extent do you feel upset?
This section pertains to the usage of project plans in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client provides feedback to the vendor team on the extent to which the vendor team follows the project plan.*
We already use the Internet for procurement purposes.
I like to experiment with new information technologies
and to what extent is your is department using ysm ( yourdon systems method ) at the present ?
Using --- is (not enjoyable/ very enjoyable)
but i would be comfortable using a computerized training program
What do you believe is the risk for regular Internet users due to the possibility that personal information could be made available to unknown individuals or companies without your knowledge?
the importance of activity now : implement system evaluation processes
using the crm device will enhance my effectiveness on the job
no - unfavorable .
Slow? Fast?
the tools supplied by the site allow me to provide my evaluation of the product to the customer .
Groups I work with find [would find] an electronic meeting system to be flexible to interact with.
overall , our product development methodology helps to make users more satisfied in our systems .
changes in adjusting the criteria by including which managers evaluate their and / or others ' skills and performance .
to facilitate operations , our bu ’ and business procedures and routines are linked to the ones of our corporate partners
use the system software platform used for the software .
she tried to recall the key ideas from earlier in the tutorial
this section pertains to the usage requirements of project plans in this outsourcing arrangement . please please indicate the extent to which you agree , or disagree , with the following statements : - the developer client assesses the extent to which the vendor team follows the initial project plan .
i worry constantly about receiving wrong products .
i would be able to provide identity card information on the legaladvice . org web site .
where would we rate the information exchanged with ( partner company ) in terms of its value added to your overall plan , compared with information exchanged with other similar partners ?
companies should never sell the personal information in the computer system to other companies .
most internet retailers and online sellers are honest .
i am confident that all my credit card payments are safe only in case of disputed online purchases from sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace .
working back in with this distributed team is helping me learn how to rapidly implement new team ideas .
for me , for a service provider having software that is compatible with the software i use it is : unimportant - important .
Using this website can improve my shopping performance.
The quality of system ease of integration with other systems I experienced was; very low-very high.
our firm has realized these following positive outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner : improved asset management
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site is a clear design?
what would you believe is a risk for regular internet users due to the possibility that personal information could be made inaccessible to government agencies ?
companies should never sell the personal ownership information in their computer databases directly to other companies .
i am not easily frustrated by computerized bills .
direct .
in the auction process , one can find contact information ( e . g . e - mail address , telephone numbers , etc . )
the tools provided by the site provide information that hopefully helps me keep the product in good working - order .
I find my experience with this website exciting.
during my last visit to booksamillion . com i concentrated fully only on the new activity .
it responds promptly whenever you ( supplier ) need information .
provides sufficient information to you ( supplier ) to do the job .
The project manager is clear and explicit about how he or she wants our design team to operate.
using mds would increase my chances of achieving goals that were important to me .
Information systems chief executive assumes responsibility for quality performance.
Overall knowledge acquired by firm through the project.
i focused on the web - design procedures as they began being presented even though i would not have to
i might be able to get the equipment in the crc even if there was no one there to show me how to use them .
If I use a computer I will increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort.
we both participated actively in all our deliberations .
using a website increases consumer productivity in shopping ( e . g . , making business decisions or processing product information within the shortest time frame ) .
i would characterize legaladvice . net com as honest .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: Group members are assigned to tasks commensurate with their task-relevant knowledge and skills.
the electronic mail in my job increases ( would reduce ) my productivity .
application of a modern database technology
i am able to organize the schoolwork
it is important to reduce possible environmental damages .
i expect to have all the money needed to purchase this product from this web hosting vendor within the next approximately 30 days .
trainer acted as their role model .
Using the Exact card system is clear and understandable for me and my staff.
It is very important to me that I am aware and knowledgeable  about how my personal information will be used.
the quality of information accuracy it obtained was ; very low - very high .
transfers knowledge to your ( supplier ’ ' s ) staff .
to what extent do the plans conform to good project management methods ?
Overall specifications for the production goods we procure are simple.
complex ? really simple ?
In general, a Web site that is entertaining is… (not important at all/extremely important)
i did not have to expend too much effort to take out the pws .
it is used to offer many new features to the existing product line .
meeting he kept punctually
supplier will invest more in manufacturing equipment specifically for your requirements .
i found the system to be useful in my job .
cio and tmt members who have :
information related to goods and services offered in this business class is accurate .
i am able to experiment on the pws as necessary .
positive attitude of is personnel toward end users
using the crm system would make it easier to do my job
i would be able to use the equipment in the crc even if there is no anyone around to tell me how i use it .
if i use a computer i will be better off .
there are enough people in my organization to help me try the best uses of his pws .
please indicate the extent to which the specific mechanisms have been developed in your organization that encourage reuse of certain types of resources listed above : reusability as formal part or software management approach
shopping online is a more effective way used to make purchase .
overall , the site was useful when shopping .
i find the crm system to be flexible to interact easily with
i believe i have the ability for use and understand the cell references in my spreadsheet .
many support personnel were required for information gathering and analysis during the study .
I have informal exchanges with TMT members.
extent to which means you exchange information is related to market and demand trends and forecasts with ( partner company ) .
importance in activity now : implement new or changed computer - supported business ;
the information systems / data processing staff kept me informed concerning progress , and / or potential problems [ including during system definition / during physical system design / during implementation ] .
my boss does not even require me to use a pws .
despite the cost of product design and prototyping , the cpc solution was deployed .
but my experience with using this website was considerably better than what i had expected .
builds buffer into buffer to accommodate scope changes .
please indicate the ease with which you automatically make a record of the changes made in a design .
Makes job easier
the training helped let me practice the key - component skills required to produce the demonstrated computer operations .
and work with competent colleagues
insensitive ? more sensitive ?
To what extent does the ESS enable you to stay dose to the business?
using it the crc will fit into my workstyle .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills needed for supporting basic computing needs of your company now : network
i sometimes would have to buck a rule or policy in order , to carry out an assignment .
The primary role of upper management is to endorse rather than formulate IS plans.
i believe i have the unique ability to summarize numeric information by using a spreadsheet .
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with system difficulties.
just using the system enhances my effectiveness in my job .
It is a delight to recognize where I am and what I am doing in the business.
when i am uncertain how to react during social situations , i look to the behavior in others for clues
it was this extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in reporting the team ' s progress to a higher organizational level .
I could complete the job using a word processing package if someone else had helped me get started.
how do you evaluate your firm partner ’ s performance in applying it effectively to support enhancing supplier linkages ?
Quality and competence of systems analysts employed by IS department
i am able to change this to the whole new way of working with the nop system without getting the help of others .
it is important to avoid personal hassle .
to move around a worksheet using only the cursor movement keys ( other than using just the arrows ) ?
i have an informal contact with tmt members
For me, a Web vendor that is honest in its dealings with its customers is important.
importance of why , and for what purpose , the company is now collecting info from me .
companies seeking personal information online should disclose the way the data are collected , processed , processed and used .
Prior to the  enterprise resource planning implementation, our employees in general had extensive experience in using computer based applications in their work  processes.
in our relationship manager ( partner company ) , we provide proprietary information if we believe it can help our business model .
the following can ask you what you would characterize yourself when you use computers : flexible
reduced communication equipment cost .
I felt confident about the online purchase decision.
no results of using a pws are apparent to me .
i am very contented with this information system .
examples indicate how successful the following is , or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : operating systems : minis
the auction listing ’ s use of fonts and graphics is pleasing
It is easy for me to remember how to perform tasks using a PWS.
all other things considered , using the system is either a negative step – positive step .
In general, most folks keep their promises.
Evaluate the typical extent of reuse of existing design features in the products designed before the CPC solution was deployed.
the accuracy of output information
changes in the criteria are used to determine the relevant status of different persons used in the system .
ceo meetings at project meetings .
dr . x has a real interest for human welfare and overall satisfaction of people who work under him .
Overall Contribution
this seller ... is likely to keep my best interests in mind .
Overall, this business partner is capable and proficient
Having a clear sequence of hyperlinks would make it much more difficult/ easier for me to get information about this product.
i use the ess to pull up numbers i need .
I think that other people consider my ranking (reputation) when they interact with me.
Distorted? Accurate?
approximately how many firms supply the same product ( s ) in one firm ?
Using an EMS enhances [would enhance] the effectiveness of groups I work with.
our systems development research methodology helps to improve the functionality of new applications .
online companies should devote significantly more time time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information information in their databases .
PWS are not very  visible in my organization.
the software in the crc is not compatible with other software in use .
the data is up - to - date enough for my own purposes .
as i indicated earlier , outsourced activity is a primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect of outsourced activity , please indicate the extent , that you agree and disagree with the following statements : this activity has evolved in this organization through data sharing .
but the opportunity to learn new things is important to me
this business partner is truthful in their dealings with our terrorist organization
The industry association requires our firm to use  enterprise resource planning .
evaluate the exact degree of interconnectedness between product lines before the cpc solution was deployed .
in terms of my preferred way of selecting a single camera , the approach this visual was used to make recommendations was rigid
shopping from x [MASK] makes me feel like i am in another world
all the information provided during the dms training session was informative .
in all this session i really will exert considerable effort in learning the material on frontpage
The Web site’s performance that in general, provides good access was… (very poor/very good)
i have the knowledge necessary to use this system .
to do my job effectively , i also must hide any anger i may actually feel with customers .
employees will always have the knowledge to do their job well
the one person providing the dms training was trustworthy .
we attempt to determine optimal courses for action from identified alternatives .
many support personnel are required primarily for data gathering and analysis during performing the study .
books do not count after all .
sisp output fails to outline changes in information reporting relationships of the is department .
This business process contains our firm-specific intellectual property (trade secrets, patents, copyrights, etc.).
There are constant changes in computer hardware in our organization.
member firms may also be completely excluded from projects if they behave unacceptably .
this is gives users individual attention
I was aware of the progress of my learning with respect to my goals for this session
overall control exercised control over the project .
these is units will have the users ’ best interests at its heart
please indicate at your level of agreement with the following statement : " “ the project executive had a solid understanding of ... the systems development process . ”
please rate on the overall effectiveness of your own new product development work unit in the execution of several test - marketing programs , in line with commercialization plans relative to your major competitors .
Time to complete work
entering into a relationship with other public agencies .
i paid close attention at the video demonstration .
to what greater extent can we measure the projected outcomes of benefits ?
i am extremely glad to have chosen another organization to work for many other organizations .
it would be very costly not for our competitors to imitate this new business process .
how satisfied were you with the other members involved in your team ?
how likely is it that your firm has compatibility with current software that could enable your firm to use it for the following twelve months ?
how do do you feel about the ideas proposed ?
my knowledge of the ess is wide - ranging .
the people in my organization who use a pws have more prestige overall than those who do not .
information which is complete for your own decision is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
Users are satisfied with the overall quality of the systems
this web vendor would be involved in its dealings when you purchase this product from it .
the level quality of service from online services companies , that use my personal information is superior to the service from companies that do not use only my personal information .
how do do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in successfully applying it to execute marketing ?
i actually like the idea of using this web site .
what often is the external experience that you have on hand at the beginning of a task sufficient to complete the task ?
The final output document is not very useful.
fairness to employees is also built into how issues are handled best in my work environment .
firms must expect other members to fulfill their obligations because they are members ' of the network .
There will not be enough computers for everyone to use in the CRC.
proof of trust in trading partner ( s ) .
the positive attitude of is personnel toward users
how often do other people in your team disagree about opinions regarding the work to actually be done ?
our business partner is also competent and effective in their interactions with our organization
a good consumer online information policy should have a clear and fair disclosure .
team members in my distributed team are always interested more in their own work .
improve on the quality of existing service .
Please rate the performance of Amazon’s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals: High-quality products.
- 7 = many
how do you also evaluate on your firm ’ s performance in applying it to support having manufacturing / operations with flexibility ?
In our relationship with (partner company), we provide proprietary information if we feel it can help our business partner.
my interactions during shopping online were brief and understandable .
it is designed to minimize queuing time .
our systems development methodology also helps to develop more reliable systems .
the crc will be of no benefit for me .
and if i required help , legaladvice . com would do its very best to help me .
I have had plenty of opportunity to see the PWS being used.
how effective was your group at using its members ' skills ?
users perceive how the system meets intended functional requirements
the integration of automated systems .
my interactions during shopping online were clear , understandable .
i enjoy discussing my organization with everyone outside it .
college ’ s physical facilities are visually appealing
Our systems development methodology provides a useful tool-box of techniques to be applied.
Personal Effectiveness
and the system improves my performance in my job .
i can save money by using using this website .
identifying new opportunities for internal improvement in business processes through it .
there is a norm outside of teamwork in this team
knowledge acquired by firm about use of public key technologies .
the web site ' s success in providing information that was informative to your purchase decision was … ( much lower than i thought / much higher than you thought )
the quality and information updatedness i experienced was ; very low - extremely high .
an adequate protection of my personal property may make it much less difficult / easier for me to purchase this product from this vendor .
Enhanced ability to compete.
for me , not getting product information easily from a website is .
The degree that Internet usage has been promoted by support from customers
the developers of electronic meeting room system would disagree with how much our group used the system .
i find it easy for get the ( task - specific ) portions of ( system ) to do what i wish it to do .
inferior competitive field position .
Pursue your ideas
The training showed me the value of using Excel in solving problems.
it is pleasant to follow or use the menu structure .
i feel used up at the end of the work today .
Using a PWS is completely compatible with my current situation.
To what extent are you willing to use the Internet to  retrieve highly personal and password-protected financial information (e.g., using websites that allow you to access my bank account or my credit card account)?
There would be high potential for loss associated  with giving (the information) to online firms.
business skills training is provided to is personnel .
for me , product delivery done in a timely fashion is important .
my army superiors expect me to use a pws .
core banking systems ( c . e . , demand deposit , savings , certificate of deposit ) : exclusively internal - market .
I would be able to use the equipment in the CRC even if there was no one around to show me how to use it.
I am able to study even when there are other interesting things to do
a small web site that is interesting to navigate is … ( not important at all / not extremely important )
product development requires significant sharing of your proprietary information with the supplier .
Project goals were outlined at the beginning of the  project.
this auction listing ’ s use of fonts and colors is pleasing
to evaluate the level of knowledge of your client ' a senior is executive in your firm ’ s competitors .
the degree that internet bandwidth usage has been promoted by support from customers
a user ’ s understanding of systems
supplier that can be flexible in response to requests which may be beyond the terms of your contract .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: increased flexibility
my organization has specific rules that describe acceptable use of direct - mail .
opportunity for economic advancement
if you are a highly effective performer in your current job , the total likelihood ( and probability ) that you truly will be admired by your professional peers and colleagues is . . .
i am often on the quick lookout for brand new products or brands that will further add to my personal uniqueness .
the person providing the dms training was quite credible .
i work in an environment in england which good procedures make all things fair and impartial .
Overall, the site was useful for shopping.
The glue that holds the IS department I work in together is commitment to innovation and development. There is an emphasis on being first with products and services.
amazon auction is a competent and knowledgeable auction - host / intermediary .
incentives are used to increase reusability .
projects whose primary benefit is providing new decision support prior to project management .
computers make me very uncomfortable .
Does the actual cost of maintaining existing systems exceed expected (or budgeted) costs?
While using the web site I found my visit interesting.
access to competent and skilled personnel .
you indicate the frequency with which you access a database , database , database , etc . at the same time as another user .
people advocate ’ s private life is their own business
market - share gains : much better than the competition - and much worse than the competition .
not personal - impersonal .
Urgent - not urgent.
The people in my team will be friendly.
i ’ m concerned that online companies are leaking too much personal data about me .
what likely is it that a firm has support of employees that could enable your firm can use it in the next 6 months ?
what is your general basic knowledge of groupware ?
online companies are honest with customers when it comes down to collecting and using the various personal information needs of their customers .
i find the crm too easy to use
when you complete a task , what often do you know what external information may be required to complete the task ?
please rate the effectiveness by examining which a your proposed new enterprise product development work unit uses the sufficiency of information technology tools ( e . g . , knowledge networks ) for locating relevant business expertise .
I did not have to spend too much time to complete the transaction.
sisp generally fails to provide a statement of organizational objectives of the is department .
Employees of IS understand the specific needs of its users
Our IS group dedicates a considerable amount of its resources of planning efforts.
team building and general group dynamics training are given to is personnel .
legaladvice . com was truthful in its dealings with lawyers .
please indicate how important the following technical knowledge or what are in supporting the computing needs of your company include : systems analysis / structured analysis
he was deeply engrossed – not deeply engrossed .
--- can be adapted to meet a variety of needs.
companies should never share their personal information with other companies , unless it has been authorized by the actual individuals who provided the information .
is [MASK] gives users individual attention
there are always new ideas in the technologies we employ in our organization .
when care is necessary to compare or aggregate data from two and more different sources , these may be unexpected and difficult inconsistencies .
but in general , - - - provides me with high quality information .
online companies would tell the truth - and would fulfill promises related to ( the information ) provided by me .
importance of activity three years away from now : support information access and security
our production goods ( raw materials ) have become a complex electronic or mechanical assembly of raw raw materials .
at what extent is your is department using moses at present ?
i have enjoyed working with members of his project team . i really feel that i am taking part in this project team .
supplier has technical labor skills that are all unique to your requirement .
the web site contains a software that is easy to use was … ( very poor / very good )
this training will help students in career advancement .
" i believe that online shopping is reliable .
how often have you participated with and / or led in identifying the cost and benefits of is [MASK] before they were developed ; preparation of business plans ?
Select out specific records from a Lotus database according to a specified criterion?
non - automated / non - sophisticated communication partner ( s ) .
information that is difficult to read is important ( not important at all / extremely important )
We both participated actively in our deliberations.
Please rate your personal knowledge about graphical user interface.
it wouldn ’ t bother me to take computer science courses .
how would you reasonably rate the information exchanged with ( partner or company ) in terms of its completeness , compared with information exchanged with any other - similar partners ?
how likely are you , within the next three - years to : write to or call to a company to complain about the way it illegally uses personal information .
mds would offer a good value for the business .
i would have pirated software if there was no punishment for doing so .
using a pws enhances both my effectiveness on the job .
Involvement by advice. Advice is solicited through interviews or questionnaires.
installment management systems : exclusively internal - exclusively external
the information on the website is extensive .
a specific technical person ( or group ) is available for assistance dealing with software difficulties .
using electronic voice mail improves ( would improve ) my job performance .
Involvement by weak control. Users have "sign-off" responsibility at each stage of the system development process.
the web site is intrinsically interesting .
I find that personal interest in the information that I want to obtain from the Internet overrides my concerns of possible risk or vulnerability that  I may have regarding my privacy.
overall , the systems development methodology helps us to manage our software development projects .
is employees are consistently courteous with their users
online companies are trustworthy in successfully handling the personal identity information of their customers .
Build a professional reputation
it is difficult to convince top management to approve of the methodology .
the quality of system and user friendliness that i experienced was ; very low - very high .
I could successfully use a computerized training program
requirements however will fluctuate quite a bit in the future .
but with respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please please indicate the extent to that which you agree or disagree with the following following statements : if the client team required help , the vendor client team would generally do its best to help .
but i have ( would have ) fun using electronic mail .
everything in our training team is very orderly . it is clear what members are expected to do , and they do it .
my current auto insurance agent acts in my best of interests .
it is well known who will help solve problem associated in the enterprise resource planning package .
extent of which formal policies on parameterization of program / code are implemented .
supplier also keeps you updated on your requests .
the system is easy to quickly use .
please assess the effectiveness of your main product development work unit in the following activities relative to the major competitors : first become able for identify and acquire internal ( e . u . , within the group ) and external ( e . g . , market ) knowledge .
How much influence do you have in determining how work exceptions are to be handled?
using a student information system enables me to accomplish student - specific tasks fairly quickly .
the typical person is sincerely very concerned about the problems of others .
overall performance on the web site that is possible to use was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
human productivity
it is easy enough for me to observe others using pws in my law firm .
using the words is a ( foolish / wise ) idea .
however it is difficult to convince top management to approve the methodology .
for this system , i defined / helped define file formats .
Shopping on the web is very convenient.
I don't really have adequate opportunities to try out different things on the PWS.
There are times when supposedly equivalent data from two different sources is inconsistent.
I didn't know how to get to my desired location.
so the business plan my team developed would convince prospective clients to help hire our new consulting firm .
our company offers enterprise resource planning training programs to employees on a regular basis .
Our group was able to reach consensus on how we should use the electronic meeting system to perform our task.
managers find it difficult to answer questions specified by using the methodology .
this system is user friendly .
print a spreadsheet with some header line on every page ?
all the images used in the website are exciting .
I feel busy or rushed.
the application of modern database technology
because the contractors were all part of the client organization , i want the contractors to be more willing to put in a full day ’ of work for a full week ’ s labor than other vendors .
people have a responsibility and tell companies when the service they receive is unsatisfactory .
please evaluate the degree and environmental turbulence that your npd work group faces in this product - market area : in our kind of business , customers ’ product can change a lot of time .
i am able to participate in class .
for this adjective , please choose the number that best matches a description of yourself as you interact through microcomputers : creative
i plan to use this system in the next < n > months .
and i prefer to just do something that challenges my thinking abilities rather than something that requires little thought .
i felt stimulated to do additional work on the area of “ community - first . ”
We will usually be considerate of one another’s feelings in this team.
i could complete the job using just a spreadsheet package if there was absolutely no one around there to tell me what to just do as i go .
my training as a pws is allowed ( as opposed to required by my superiors or job description ) .
learning to operate a chart - master would be easy for me
accurate - not inaccurate .
i expect that i would use mds in the past .
importance of activity three years from now : develop inter - house applications
information that is applicable when your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / extremely valuable )
indicate your lack of knowledge about the company is applications ( including software , data ) assets of your business partners ?
The electronic mail system often behaves in unexpected ways
online companies are also in general predictable and consistent regarding the usage of the personal information of all their customers .
in doing your job , how often do you lose a hand terminal ?
firms believe that their influence outside of the network is enhanced by their membership of the networks .
when companies ask me for their personal information , i sometimes think twice , before providing it .
Evaluate product quality based on the number of product design errors or defects before the CPC solution was deployed.
i could complete the job using a free software package if i could call someone out for financial help if i got stuck .
using the crm system it runs counter to my own values
using voice mail gives me greater control over my work
transfers that knowledge to your ( customer ’ s ) staff .
importance of activity now : analyze software packages and – evaluation & selection
your lack of control over computer resources
business skills training was given to is personnel .
requirements they identified at the beginning of the project were quite different from those toward the other end .
convenience of water access .
when you complete a task , how often are your conclusions based on the external data ?
and i feel that i am a part of the team .
Please indicate the frequency with which you send messages to other users.
i am extremely glad you have chosen this organization to work for two other organizations .
we have enhanced our economies of scale in technological resources .
online retailers are honest with customers when it comes in collecting and sharing the personal information of their customers .
during my last visit back to booksamillion . com com i found my visit enjoyable .
- - - this allows me to get my work done more quickly .
speed of adapting software to changes made in business .
Our systems development methodology provides a useful list of possible systems development activities.
i guess i put on a show to impress or to entertain people
those who formulate strategic is plans are largely responsible for program implementation .
importance of development three years from now : support user - developed systems
users can save time by using this website .
this section pertains specifically to the usage of progress reports in implementing this outsourcing arrangement . please also indicate here the extent to to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team assesses the full extent to which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by all the progress - reports .
if i wanted to , i could easily operate any from the devices in the crc on my side .
My staff and I would have no difficulty telling others about our experience using the Exact card system.
the web site itself was intrinsically interesting .
Task forces are frequently used by our IS group to handle critical issues.
there is also a sense of sociability in the website .
The tools provided by the site allow me to provide feedback to the company.
i socialize with the tmt [MASK] members ( e . g . , attending social gatherings , playing golf , tennis , etc . )
the data supplied by the site help me in determining my product needs .
i also intend to continue using the online www rather than use any alternative technology .
vendors / consultants were pressed to furnish quality data .
How would you rate the overall risk of carrying out transactions using this exchange?
in our relationship with ( partner company ) , i provide proprietary information as we believe it can help our business partner .
during my last visit back to booksamillion . com , i felt in control .
relative to other and comparable is projects , how did creating your own most recently completed project rate on amount of produced work ?
this is easy for me to become skillful at using specific ( task - related ) portions of ( 1 )
we are all contributing resources to this project .
we intend to use dms on my job in this near future .
dr . x asks people motivated by political decisions for their ideas and opinions .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: assembly language
to what extent have the business areas been involved in both the creation and of the business case ?
They will insist on error-free records
" i feel secure that my personal information is not kept private when i first purchase this product from this web vendor .
my current auto insurance agent is also knowledgeable about personal insurance policies .
with these factors on mind , indicate the attractiveness to you of being a highly effective employee in your assigned job .
It bothers me to give personal information to so many online companies.
The senior management of our firm actively articulates a vision for the organizational use of  enterprise resource planning .
It was a challenging process.
please rate the performance of your npd training unit in the following activities relative for your major tasks : we spend considerable time reading trade publications and magazines .
as an auction house / intermediary , amazon / ebay has high prices .
the tools provided by the web site allow me to effectively conduct a buying price transaction online .
i am able to work with pws as necessary .
but general , everything which is relevant to your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
the costs from implementing the system are not sufficiently transferable across divisions .
I have the resources necessary to use the system.
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work support unit in the following activities , relative to your major market competitors : we spend a considerable time reading trade publications and magazines .
i prefer to work on tasks that force upon me to learn new things
how do you evaluate a firm ' s effectiveness in applying it to support enhancing existing product / service ?
learning to operate an effective electronic meeting system is [ would be ] easy work for groups i work with .
i mean , i would be able to use mds at anytime , anywhere .
The advantages of the WWW outweigh the disadvantages.
please rate the progress of your new organization or work unit in your following activities relative to your major competitors : we are effective in transforming existing information into new knowledge .
and if you are a highly effective performer in your current career job , the likelihood ( probability ) that overall you will have a good future job security is . . .
the new information in this auction listing does not help me at all
we attempt to determine the optimal courses of action from identified alternatives .
personal ;
this firm has automated the ordering process for production goods ( building materials ) .
With respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Overall IT capabilities of the client team are excellent.
this section pertains to the usage for progress reporting in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to whether we agree or disagree with the following statements : performance appraisal for the vendor team by the client organizations is dependent , in part , on the extent for which these vendor teams achieves the outsourcing goals typically indicated by the progress reports .
low operating cost .
what is your general knowledge on prototyping ?
I am able to participate in class discussions
I have already put a lot of time and effort into mastering the current way of working.
to operate efficiently , we must rely on procedures and routines of our radio channel partners
overall , the groups i work with find [ would find ] and electronic group meeting system easy to use .
this is pleasant to follow the overall flow .
The improving of new systems development (with respect o time, cost, quality, disruptions)
the running of current systems ( costs , ease of access , documentation , maintenance )
Transfers know-how of the product or service to you (customer).
most internet services do a capable job at meeting customer needs .
i find ( system ) useful in my ( project completion ) .
companies also devote more time and effort towards preventing unauthorized access to personal information .
i also had main responsibility for the development of project [ during system system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
family identity
the information in this e - mail mail is … accurate / inaccurate
I expect that learning how to use MDS would be easy for me.
how much emotional conflict is out there among members of your team ?
i would characterize the vendor , honest .
qualification and competence of systems analysts employed by is department
our systems development methodology helps to design the internal architecture of being the system to be developed .
that an electronic meeting system enhances [ would enhance ] the effectiveness of groups i work in .
using the crm system runs counter to my values about knowing how to conduct my current job
Data security and privacy
our process for strategic decision is planning includes numerous participants .
please indicate how important the goal is knowledge these skills are in meeting the core needs of your company three years behind now : ability to focus on technology as a means , not an end
how do you rate this design team on the ability to communicate with one other during requirements definition ?
even the video demonstration held my attention .
an external data processing service - which would have able to reduce our software costs
also this section pertains to describing the usage pattern of meetings or conference calls in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate about the extent / to which you agree or you disagree with the following statements : the client initiates frequent technical meetings or conference calls with outside the vendor team to discuss the project status , issues , and resolutions .
as though i browsed this website , i suddenly had the urge to purchase items other than or in addition to my specific shopping - goal .
but i believe that my organization monitors computing activities to ensure that employees themselves are performing only explicitly authorized tasks .
the computer systems i use are subjected with unexpected or inconvenient running times , which makes it harder to do my jobs .
our systems development methodology helps to organize systems development research projects .
did - you have responsibility for estimating the development costs of the new system ?
I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if someone showed me how to do it first.
how would you describe your group ’ the problem solving process ? independent / uncoordinated
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to execute manufacturing/operations?
we have ( or continue to have ) frequent interactions to the vendor ( offshore companies ) over day - to - day operations of this business process .
specialized instruction concerning the popular language is available to me .
changing the business process does not affect our other processes .
legaladvice . com is competent and professional in providing expert advice .
please rate the effectiveness of your successful new product and development work unit in the following evaluation activities relative to all your major international competitors : we are able to rapidly identify and to acquire internal ( e . g . , within the group ) and external ( e . g . , market ) knowledge .
the actual process of building the system is pleasant .
Our systems development methodology allows us to learn from our systems development experience.
importance for activity now : support hardware
what is your current knowledge of outsourcing ?
i have seen a pws before in use outside my firm .
Easy to use
i feel relieved that i am a part of the team .
please indicate how important the section following is knowledge , or skills are in supporting the computing services needs of all your company now : ability : to develop and deliver effective , informative , and persuasive presentations
On average, how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? actual developer-months required for the project.
the impact of operating the exact same system is apparent to my staff and me .
to aid you in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , namely , i defined ( system ) as a ( functional type ) is : productivity increasing - productivity decreasing
The level of service from online companies that use my personal information is superior to the service from companies that do not use my personal information.
Extent to which information exchanged (e.g., sales reporting, product information, product availability, inventory information, etc.) with (partner company) needs to be converted/translated to be interpreted by your company.
overall , how much do you feel differently about the website that you have identified : displeased - pleased .
my relatives said that i should use the internet tv
the website of the auction listing is not complete
How often have you participated in and/or led in identifying the cost and benefits of IS projects before they are developed; preparation of business cases?
the images used exclusively in the website make the products look appealing .
i always expect to have fun using mds .
and successful ? unsuccessful ?
i am given the necessary support and assistance to change to the new way of working with a nop system of the government .
our organization successfully realized the following performance outcomes is a result of our interactions with this business partner : capital asset management
i would have to sacrifice my vacation and weekend time to help keep current on new technologies .
i think they generally try to back down their words with their actions .
supplier that proactively anticipates your immediate needs .
the interactions between firms are guided by the ideals typical of the open source movement .
how important is the compatibility with current hardware for your firm regarding your use on it in these next 6 months ?
using the crc was entirely within my control .
Control over project costs.
but please indicate how important the question following is knowledge that or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years forward from now : operating systems : micros
the section pertains to the usage of the reports under this outsourcing arrangement . please state the extent for which you agree or comply with the following statements : performance appraisal of the vendor team . a vendor team is dependent , in part , on the extent to whom the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress reports .
importance of activity is now : integrate multiple data types ( e . g . , video , voice )
extent to extent state policies that mandate use of reusable components are implemented .
A proper on-the-job tryout of the various uses of the PWS is not possible.
With respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client team has the capability to effectively manage this outsourcing arrangement with this vendor.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to interpret business problems & develop appropriate technical solution
simple - simple .
use on a pc can decrease the time needed for my important daily responsibilities .
a proper on - the - job tryout regardless of the very various uses of the pws is still not possible .
Clear/Understandable
the way x displays all its products is attractive
we can usually decide what i want on this job without consulting my direct supervisor .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: telecommunications
importance of this activity three years from now : train and educate end users
but based on the recent reports provided to you about the web web site , do you expect that the web site has a simple hierarchical layout for its contents ?
please rate the effectiveness of applying your new product development work unit in the evaluation of the technical feasibility of developing new products , with continuously - changing features relative to all your major competitors .
i often find it too complex for many me to understand and use with new technologies .
i am familiar with buying products from on this site .
how ready , willing , and able that is the sponsor to make the program a success ?
i would feel secure in getting the landlord / tenant account from legaladvice . com .
conducts ongoing discussions especially during project .
companies also should never share their personal information with other companies unless it has been specially authorized by the individuals who provided the information .
when is promises to do anything by a certain time , it says so
so my typical therapy approach is to trust new acquaintances until they prove i should not trust them .
the following web site ’ ' s performance in providing information that is informative to your purchase decision was … ( very poor / very very good )
the mainframes that help you access
We can easily exchange and integrate data electronically from our major suppliers.
users are satisfied with the overall quality of their systems
i am able to concentrate on school specific subjects
are completed projects successful in meeting their stated objectives ?
7 = many
the local government requires our firm to actively use enterprise resource planning .
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site in general, provides good access?
using a pws system is often frustrating .
i feel that the amount of work i do interferes with how damn well that it is done .
amazon . com makes it easy to shop for cds .
Using the site enabled me to shop more quickly.
so in general , a web site that is entertaining is … ( or not important , at all / extremely important )
how knowledgeable are you and your competitors ’ use of it ?
on our average , how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization ? the entire actual functionality of all the newly finished software .
i am likely to purchase all the products ( ' s ) on this site .
Importance of activity three years from now: analyze software packages – evaluation & selection
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs at your company by : try to focus on technology as a means , not to end
most please rate the cost effectiveness process by which your new product development work unit is uses the accurately providing real - time information on resource availability , usage , and cost in the new product development process process .
given the track records of all the team members , but we could see no reason to doubt each other ' s competence and preparation for a job .
members of this small group think information should be free .
having become a pws is a status symbol in my organization .
electronic communication
the internet site ’ s performance in providing information that is easy to comprehend . … ( very poor / extremely good )
please rate the performance of your new software development work unit in the execution of several test - marketing plans in line to commercialization plans relative to your major competitors .
individual task performance is assessed on this team .
changing to the new mode of working with the nop network will enable me and accomplish relevant tasks more quickly than working in the current way .
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I felt calm.
i feel secure that my personal information is kept private when i buy this dress from this particular vendor .
Using Booksamillion.com can increase my shopping productivity.
the is department you work on is a very personal area . it is like an extended family and people seem to think a lot of themselves .
the organization has standard practices to support its product and integration strategy for developing and integrating components , and for delivering the new product directly to the customer after the cpc solution was deployed .
Shopping online gives me greater control.
overall , using this crc will be advantageous .
compared favorably to your competitors , how does your own organization rate on overall financial performance ?
the additional information on the website is effective .
To do my job effectively, I must act as if I empathize with the customer despite my actual lack of concern.
supervision received by the job
it manages and maintains personal bank account records .
if i can use a computer i will increase my own chances of obtaining a promo .
my interaction with a pws is both clear and understandable .
in general , - - - provides the me with high quality information .
what i find ( would find ) using electronic mail to be enjoyable .
the requirements for our production goods are predictable .
processes used in managing relationships with it outsourcing relationships are ( unique in all ) almost everyone of the business units - common across all or almost all of the software units )
most importantly my teammates can be called upon to do as they say they will do .
the pressures of my work interfere with my home and family life .
these is units will have the users ’ best value at heart
i feel that i will just not be able to count on my team - members to help me .
please rate on the overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative only to your two major competitors : we have a global understanding of each other ’ ' s tasks and responsibilities .
How likely is it that your firm has support of employees that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months?
in your relationship manager ( partner company ) what percentage of products and services get customized to suit each other ' s market ?
to indicate how important this following is knowledge and skills are in supporting the particular needs of your company now : operating systems : mainframes
Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions are in general competent.
range of algorithms that can be generated .
The system software platform used for the software.
How often do people in your team disagree about opinions regarding the work to be done?
he would consider using the site for future purchases .
if the software would be compatible with environment .
information that is pertinent for your purchase decision is … ( not important at first / extremely valuable )
i felt that the online store i purchased from made the service right .
That it will make us less organized.
negotiating win - win win strategies among competing public and private partners .
based upon the reports provided to you about the web site , and you agree that the web site provides a few methods to locate information ?
in general , i feel satisfied with the job .
i can count on the man to be “ easily ” and available when i need it .
maintain a high level of agreement regarding the risks / tradeoffs among system projects .
please rate your personal knowledge about the relational database management system .
i believe i might have had the ability to write a simple formula in a spreadsheet or to perform mathematical calculations .
people in my organization that use a pws have been high profile .
my general level is satisfaction with the system
how often are you able to acquire the additional external information needed to fully complete completing the task ?
i could complete the job using only a word processing package if i really had had a lot of time to complete , the job for which the software was provided .
members of such this group believe that you only can become a hacker when others call you a hacker .
please rate their effectiveness with which your new product development work unit uses the website tracking rapidly changing information to deliver project deliverables within real time in the new product development process .
do you make it clear to user management that they authorize work on this next phase in the systems evaluation process by their approval of the report from the preceding stage ?
i am interviewed and learn the material on frontpage presented in this session
our software engineering approach ( es ) are such that they permit a variety of solutions to different types of requirements .
Members of this group value sharing knowledge.
integrated processes exist to help ensure that product or life - cycle processes are identified and planned concurrently with the design after the cpc solution was deployed .
Using electronic mail improves my job performance
supplier that allows your participation in their research and agenda - setting activities .
we sacrifice current profitability to gain greater market share .
implementation process , the manner in whom the computer system was introduced into the agency by the implementation staff
these publications do not count at all .
projects which tend to offer new ways for company to complete .
My general level of satisfaction with the system
i will not cooperate with the change to the entirely new way out of working with the nop system .
using this method allows me to be more efficient at my job .
data on the skills and abilities of network members is readily available .
it is pleasant to finally see the provided information on each screen in this web site .
after just using this web site , i am … ( so terrible / delighted )
the web site said ’ ' s performance in providing personal information that is trustworthy was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you actually thought )
in the auction listing , one person can find details about products and / or their services
it is important they provide quality after - sale service .
the quality and system user friendliness i experienced was ; very low - extremely high .
extent to see which formal policies on parameterization of the design / code are implemented .
in summary , information that covers a broad scope for your purchase information . … ( not important at all / extremely important )
A Web site that is responsive to your request is… (not important at all/extremely important)
timeliness of data output
we am concerned that a person can find private information about him on the internet .
i would purchase this ebook through this web vendor at a bargain price within the next 30 days .
using the crm system in this job will increase my productivity
my organization has no established rules of behavior for use of computer resources .
my ability to critically analyze “ community - first or ” - issues was improved .
reduced need for one - on - hand ( “ and ” ) .
relative to other comparable construction projects , where did your most recently completed project rate on ability and meet its goals ?
The quality of information reliability I experienced was ; very low-very high.
to what other extent have both the projected benefits and the assumptions been validated ?
based on the reports provided to you about various web sites , do you consider information on the web site to be in general , useful in a purchase decision ?
clear . and understandable
you find new recruits to my organization know more about computer technology than i do .
I randomly browse through information contained in the ESS.
how sound is the current work on cost estimates and contingency ?
how likely it is is it that your firm has the ability to obtain additional employees if needed , that could enable your firm to use it in the next next 6 months ?
but the crm system is different from other experiences i have had
backlog of development work done is high
i find using just this web site useful .
so using the crc is entirely within my control .
The performance of the Web site that has a simple layout for its contents was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
in doing your work , how often do you need a microcomputer as the terminal to a larger computer ?
how frequently are there conflicts about the ideas in your team ?
active customer information files : exclusively internal - exclusively external
i did not not have to expend very much effort to try out for the pws .
such an executive earning $ 50 , 000 a year often padded his expense management account by about $ 1500 a year .
but in terms of the features and of the web site that provide the information you need , using the same web site made you … ( very dissatisfied / not very satisfied )
i frequently receive incompatible requests from the two or more parties .
we face heavy opposition from elected officials .
i could complete the basic job using a word processing package , if someone else had helped me get started .
Provides necessary information to you (supplier) to do the job.
online companies make a reasonable effort to allow for their customers to correct inaccurate personal identity information stored incorrectly in their databases .
What I give up in terms of releasing my personal information to online companies is commensurate with what I receive in return from the companies.
i am creative when you interact with the world - wide web
involvement by doing . a user is a design team member , or is the most official " liaison " with the design information and systems development group .
a good consumer online privacy policy should have included a clear and conspicuous information disclosure .
i feel confident that i can trust my team members completely .
If I wanted to, I could easily operate any of the equipment in the CRC on my own.
please note the frequency with which you describe a design in terms of the business .
maintaining open lines of communication relationships with other departments .
our firm ' s commitment to start using it in the next six consecutive months is : weak - strong .
I found the current project to be a good learning experience.
The Internet has enough safeguards to make me feel comfortable using it to transact personal business.
our systems development methodology helps to design the architecture of enabling the system to actually be developed .
please evaluate the opinion or knowledge that your firm ' s senior is executive in your firm ’ s competitors .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to understand the business environment
i find it easy to simply get through the electronic mail system to do what i want it to do
policies used primarily for managing it infrastructure systems are ( unique , in ) all or almost all of the business units … common across all or almost all of the business units )
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a consequence of our interactions with this enterprise model : lower operating costs
processes used when managing relationships with it vendors are ( unique in some or almost all of the business units … common across all or almost all all the enterprise units )
knowledge of internal business needs and the capability of is to satisfy those needs .
the web site ’ s relative performance in providing information that is easy to comprehend was … ( not very poor / very poor good )
my work and environment also allows me to feel as if i belong to the office team .
the site is neat in nature .
but clearly the deliverables required .
Using the system in my job increases my productivity.
it increased in our productivity .
extent to which content of information exchanged ( e . : g . , direct sales reporting , sales product information , product availability , inventory information , etc . ) with ( partner company ) partners can therefore be automatically interpreted similar to information exchanged with other partners .
How likely are you, within the next three years to: refuse to give information to a business or company because you think it is too personal.
this new website is helpful in familiarizing me with the product .
adequacy and training provided .
business strategy insights are exchanged between us and our other customers
It increased my ability to integrate facts.
pws are not very visible people in my organization .
decision processing in our is group needs to occur in a decentralized manner .
using the crc would be : ( unpleasant / unpleasant ) .
i typically take the same path as the ess .
computer systems that hold sensitive information should be protected from unauthorized access — no matter how much it costs .
user - oriented systems analysts who understand user operations
please show the effectiveness for your npd work unit in the following table relative to your major competitors : we spend a lot of time implementing ideas for new products , improving our existing products .
member firms share a common business development philosophy .
sisp output fails to designate specific new parliamentary committees .
our software development approach ( es ) are such that they can be adapted according to the high quality goals of our individual projects .
ease of handling of soft ware .
familiarizing myself with the content on my website is comparable to my product evaluation style in physical stores .
after projects are implemented , are major reprogramming efforts still necessary to improve protein processing efficiency ?
using the crm system will improve the job performance
but in general , how much does your firm usually not want to do what suppliers / vendors think the firm should usually do ?
the online companies would be trustworthy in handling ( the information ) .
We have difficulty in negotiating with the vendor (offshore subsidiary) when there are any changes.
using the crm system in my job could increase my productivity
please rate your personal knowledge about an object oriented database .
a pc can increase any quantity of output for same amount of time .
Using DMS in my job will make me more effective (e.g., help me make better decisions).
It is very difficult for our competitors to replicate how we do this business process.
an almost adequate protection of my personal information would also make it much more difficult / easier for me to purchase this unique product from this vendor .
i feel less comfortable working with a computer .
how would you rate this design team on the number of innovations adopted or new ideas introduced recently by the design team team ?
Our business strategy and IS strategy are closely aligned.
how effective was your group at ... evaluating ideas ?
improved connection to information .
The tools provided by the site provide information that helps me keep the product in good working order.
man : ’ ' s capacity for justice makes democracy possible ; nothing but man ’ s inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary .
i have seen as others do using their pws .
working with partner company has helped you better understand the wants and needs of your competitors .
works independently ( i . e . , minimal reliance upon you [ customer ] ) while getting any job done .
is - manager knowledge : how well informed is your is management team about business strategies ahead of each unit ?
please evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that every npd work unit encounters in your product - market area : marketing trends in our market area are constantly changing .
I had the opportunity to summarize the key aspects of demonstrated computer operations.
" our banking software portfolio management is more sophisticated and complex than those of peer banks
it is becoming a complex and difficult task for your firm to easily find staff with expertise of this using the internet interorganizational system
the project manager is clear enough and explicit about how he or she wants our design development team to operate .
how so much conflict is there about the work you do ?
how often have have you been participated in and / or led in initiating new is projects ?
shared understanding of how is can often be used to increase the productivity of our organization ’ s operations
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is accurate was … (very poor/very good)
right now , to what extent do you get nervous ?
users actively participate in the developing test plans .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to support entering new markets?
the view that internet usage has been promoted by requirements in government procurement
" information content meets my needs .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development program and in the above activities relative to your major competitors : we can successfully exploit internal / external knowledge and knowledge into concrete applications .
i only could complete the job without using a spreadsheet package if someone else had helped me get it started .
to aid i in my ( accomplishment ) tasks ) , overall , to feel ( system ) as a ( system type ) is : easy to master - difficult to master
this web service vendor would be competent , in providing objective information about this product .
my new job keeps me away from my family too much .
customer information service files : exclusively internal - exclusively external
our way of doing our business is closely linked with our channel partners
the technologies , rules , and the procedures involved of this business process are stable .
how much conflict is there about doing the work you do ?
we will always have confidence in one another on this team .
sometimes me am afraid the data processing department will lose my data .
I could complete the job using a software package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
information provided in this site is available throughout .
using electronic mail . the quality of the work i do
the team is using a nonroutine process , to help address the problem .
the six following three questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you did use computers : uninventive
i am concerned at unauthorized use of my credit card .
companies should therefore not openly use personal information for any purposes , unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information .
the actual quality of the promptness of supplying the support service i had originally expected was ; very low - very high .
i often become confused . when i use the electronic mail system
exchanged initial statements .
using the crm system fits my much preferred routine for conducting my job
i intend to use dms on my job during the next calendar month .
having received a pws is a status symbol in my organization .
Companies should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases.
using electronic mail allows me to accomplish more work than this would not otherwise be possible
timeliness review of reports .
our discussions were well received .
we understand both the contractors well .
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I felt frustrated.
using and electronic this meeting system enables [ would enable ] groups that i normally work with to accomplish the meeting tasks more quickly .
the inadequate trading volume to justify edi .
The opportunity to extend my range of abilities is important to me
the information in this e - book is … accurate / inaccurate
based solely on the detailed reports provided to you and about the web site , do what you expect that the web site in general , is easy to navigate ?
compared to search alone : is used for searching information on the web .
i will use the system in the very next < n > months .
compared with those subjects on my mind , personal privacy is very limited .
top level management involvement in defining and monitoring is policies
overall , how much effort ( in time and resources ) did you spend so that your system and your business system fit each another ?
This Web interface is helpful for me to understand the performance of the product.
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be in general, useful in your purchase decision ?
using chart - master would make it easier to do all my job
learning and operate an ems is [ would be ] easy with groups i work with .
any website with an interesting layout would make it much more difficult / easier for me to get information about my product .
i do believe that it is easy to successfully get a pws to do what i want it to to do .
the speed and the responsiveness of the support service i originally expected was ; very low - extremely high .
using the crm computer system fits well with the way i like to do work
please assess the effectiveness of each individual product development work unit in the following manner related to your major competitors : we promptly make our contributions to the group with attention and care .
how informed are you all about the it strategies in your business unit ?
an external committee , or group responsible for project coordination ( e . g . , a steering committee ) .
the web site website ’ s performance of that is a very clear design was … ( very poor / very good )
My job keeps me away from my family too much.
please rate your personal knowledge information about client / server computing .
i find it easy today to identify myself with this team
assuming i had access codes to access the system , i plan to use the virtual advisor
overall , i would always give the best information from - - - high marks .
Evaluate the length of the product design cycle time after the CPC solution was deployed.
but there are times when supposedly equivalent data from two different sources is somewhat inconsistent .
The information in this e-mail is…accurate/inaccurate
overall responsiveness of the user software to users
I expect my personal information to be adequately protected when I purchase this product from this Web vendor.
learning to use this web - site would be easy for me .
solo performance
Next time I need to shop for a sports watch as a gift for a friend, I would like to use a website with characteristics similar to those of this website.
for me , purchasing products easily from a web vendor is easy .
with the information above your mind , what much effort did you make to be a highly effective performer in your current job ?
" how would you characterize the possibility of using the open data exchange offered by this particular vendor to safely carry out purchasing transactions ? significant opportunity - significant threat .
organizational technical and support infrastructure solutions are available to help me in case management of problems .
does your organization implement the more important projects first ?
what about the extent to which it is your responsibility to cooperate in avoiding releasing information to others in the company to protect the team ’ s image and a project everyone is working on ?
my interaction only with this website was dull / exciting .
we have ( or expect to have ) frequent direct interactions with the offshore vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) in day - to - - day operations of managing this business process .
that it will reduce production costs in other areas .
i will have to use the crc because my professors will require using it .
ceo - involvement in decision - making .
Compared to Google alone: improves my performance in Web querying.
Performance standards have been established for programming
a good consumer online privacy policy should have a clear message and fairly conspicuous disclosure .
Favorable - unfavorable.
more general , a web search that is entertaining is … ( not important at all / extremely interesting )
Using the CRC will improve my grades.
It was easy for my staff and I to become skillful at using the Exact card system.
in relation to other major project design teams that you have been a founding member of or observed , how does your design team always rate on the number of innovations or new product ideas introduced by the design team ?
my organization also has specific guidelines that govern what employees are allowed to do with their own computers .
the tools provided by the site help enable me to control the use of my product .
how informed are you , about the it policies in your business unit ?
user - object oriented systems analysts who know user operations
all other things considered , using the system is a simple negative step – positive step .
lack of a pc will increase the amount of variety on my screen .
how concerned are you about the it budget in your business unit ?
using the crc will fit into just my workstyle .
our business relationship to [ vendor name ] is characterized with high levels of trust
In general, information that is understandable for you in making purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
given your job , how bad would it be to have an opportunity for advancement from higher level jobs ?
i expect that using mds itself would be pleasurable .
If I required help, LegalAdvice.com would do its best to help me.
to indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are not supporting the computing needs for your company now : ability to teach others
I can use the Internet TV
the web site project ’ s performance that is a clear design design was … ( very very poor / very good )
this web site ’ s performance in providing information that is easy to use was … ( very poor / not good )
- - - produces comprehensive statistical information .
use of a pc will also increase the amount of variety used on my job .
research projects involving applications of new technologies .
the responsiveness department of computer services staff
using this pws is compatible with all aspects of my work .
is what will affect overall coordination within our organization .
the tools provided by the site help me create a product .
through our is [MASK] process we encourage creativity and idea generation over control .
using the system is a ( foolish / not wise ) idea .
the virtual workspace or repository interface used by the team members enabled me to more easily view annotations and comments on knowledge in team ’ s repository made by the other team members .
" it is likely that i will buy this product .
reduction in lead recovery time .
firms use head - to - face meetings to coordinate activities .
damage to customer service relationships .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment level of certain tasks ) , overall , i should feel ( system ) as a ( advanced technology type ) is : easy to learn - difficult to learn
It would be within my budget to purchase this product from this Web vendor within the next 30 days.
feeling secure that personal information is kept private would make it much more difficult / easier to me to distinguish this product from this new service .
but please indicate how important the following is . knowledge or skills are in supporting the general computing needs part of your company now : ability to learn about business functions
i will be able and rely on those i work for in this team .
the relevance of report contents ( to intended function )
i like the product that i ' ve just examined .
Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be customized by individual project teams to suit their context.
i could complete this job using the software package if there were someone giving me stop by giving instructions .
please indicate the extent on enterprise resource planning used by your firm ’ s customers .
projects which enable development of new administrative control process and planning process .
those who who are important to you would ( strongly support / strongly encourage ) my using [ the spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator for the job .
To me, it is the most important thing to keep my privacy intact from online companies.
our group probably used the electronic detection system improperly .
it is possible to find the provided information on each screen in this site .
bills on dp operating costs , are reliable .
resources are not available for training is personnel .
firms have benefited from a sharing of customer contacts with other members .
in general , most internet vendors themselves are competent at serving their customers .
this business team is truthful in their dealings with our organization
please indicate the information with when you detect data definition inconsistencies with a data dictionary .
my teammates and i help each other perform better than most the other teams on which i have worked .
your industry ’ ' s practices
how would you rather rate this design team team on determining the number of innovations or new ideas introduced by the design team ?
after our last visit to booksamillion . com i found my visit exciting .
areas of activity now : implement new and changed computer - supported business processes
is highly satisfied with new product and service development .
Online companies make a reasonable effort to get consent before they collect sensitive personal information from online consumers.
there also is a sense of sociability in the website .
flexibility of information and reports available from systems
there is a comprehensive information systems and quality plan .
This section pertains to the usage of requirements documentation provided by the client in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client provides feedback to the vendor team on the extent to which the vendor team meets the client requirements as specified in the requirement documentation.
what is your general knowledge of sea - commerce ?
i like it to have greater product choice .
vendors / consultants are pressed hard to furnish quality data .
what is the true extent to which it is your responsibility to actively engage in persuading others to support the team ' s policy decisions ?
private member firms may be excluded from projects if they may behave unacceptably .
When someone criticizes this community, it feels like a personal insult.
limited access to computer services staff
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We are fully aware who in the group has specialized skills and knowledge relevant to our work.
referral / coordination decision to the dp or senior user management .
also please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills that are in general supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to successfully develop and deliver effective , informative , efficient and persuasive presentations
i would find mds to be extremely easy to use .
i expect to use the system for my next < n > months .
My using a PWS requires a lot of mental effort.
level of quality is analyzed .
i could apply new concepts that were learned via a computerized training program
data quality and information completeness i experienced was ; very low - very high .
I believe I have the ability to use a spreadsheet to share numeric information with others.
in discussing your private life , how importance is thrift ?
what is your general knowledge in project management practices ?
then after using the web site , information that you obtained made sure you … ( very dissatisfied / very very satisfied )
the web site ’ s performance in providing user information that is not easy enough to read was … ( very poor / very good )
depending on the reports or information systems i deal with , the exact meaning of data elements is either not obvious or easy to find .
organizations should devote more time and money to verifying the accuracy of the relevant information in their databases .
Importance of activity now: support end-user computing (e.g., info, center, hot line)
replaces any leaving supplier staff with someone more qualified or having equivalent training .
some firms expect other members to fulfill their obligations because often they are members of the network .
the software development approach ( es ) are such that they can be customized by the project teams to suit specific context .
user satisfaction is an important factor in the determining rewards for information and systems personnel .
how knowledgeable is the tmt about the current potential and limitations use of current is ?
our systems engineering methodology helps to develop more functional systems .
thus the primary focus area of is planning is controlling cost through extensive budgeting .
this seller was likely to be credible .
the auction house listing displays visually pleasing design
firms have benefited from increasingly the sharing of customer contacts with other members .
a specific program ( or group ) is available for assistance with various difficulties .
too much of my life would be disrupted if i said i wanted a leave my organization right now .
we could complete the job using a software package if i had seen someone else using it and trying that myself .
i would not find it more convenient to purchase the policy on the social web than through an agent .
when using the web site , information that was obtained made you … ( frustrated / contented )
to what extent do you feel most committed to your group solution ?
our end - user and help desk is well staffed and by knowledgeable individuals .
the system is not consistent with other systems i use .
information systems management : exclusively internal - exclusively external
anyway , i am very satisfied with the information system .
i find the ( task - related ) portions and ( system ) to be read and interact with .
" after using the web site , information like that you obtained made you feel … ( very dissatisfied / very satisfied )
Supplier has technical labor skills that are unique to your requirement.
a supplier will modify the agreement rather than stick to original terms if an otherwise unexpected situation arises .
what is your general knowledge about groupware ?
the product has a high manufacturing quality requirement .
groups i work with find [ they would usually find ] it easy to get an ems to do what people they really want [ would want ] it to do .
Maintaining a mutual understanding with top management on the role of IS in supporting strategy.
to what extent does the factual content of the e - mail mail motivate you to take action ?
computers make me feel so uneasy .
i will recommend this website among friends .
Your firm using IT within the next 6 months would be: good - bad.
to aid me in my ( the accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i can feel ( system ) such as a ( technology type ) is : not very usable - very cumbersome
i am still very skilled at using the web .
I would find MDS to be easily accessible and portable.
Using electronic mail makes it easier to do my job
for this adjective , you circle the number that best represents a part of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : spontaneous
online companies would become trustworthy in handling ( the information ) .
the developers of the ems would also probably also be shocked at [ or disagree with ] how our group used the system .
using the crm system is a new experience to me
" the exact card system makes everything easier for me and my staff to do our jobs .
i seldom consider switching to their website
compared favorably to your competitors , how does your user organization rate on the rate level of introduction of new software products / services ?
This task can be performed fairly independently of others.
overall , members of our group agreed on how much we should use only the electronic meeting information system for our work .
information that remains accurate is … ( very important at all / extremely important )
in developing our relationship with ( partner company ) , we provide proprietary information if we feel it can actually help protect our business partner .
How well does the website fit your personal needs?
our direct competitors who has adopted enterprise resource planning have greatly benefitted .
how much the very same are the various day - to - day situations , problems , or issues that you encounter in performing your major tasks ( how much variability is there present in your major tasks or job ) ?
i could complete the job using a spreadsheet package , if i still had just the built - in help facility ready for assistance .
i feel that i is not productive in my work environment .
IT software standards are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
Most people can be trusted
I could complete the job using a software package if I had never used a package like it before.
as the training increased my intention to master excel .
how very important is the actual time it takes to implement for your firm regarding the use of it in just the next 6 months ?
We run unit tests on newly coded modules until they  run flawlessly.
ceo ' s knowledge of others ' use of it
Using a PWS improves my image within the organization.
please rate the effectiveness process by which your new product development work unit and uses the effectiveness of it . tools used to describe and redefine product structures , product configurations , and routines in the new product development process .
i have the knowledge necessary to use up the system .
Entering into a partnership with other public agencies.
i only have to use the crc because my professors love it .
our own group probably used the word ems in relatively novel ways [ improperly ] .
please indicate the extent to which the following policy mechanisms may have been successfully developed in your organization to encourage reuse any of the types of resources listed above : reward system : for reusing existing resources
user ’ s body feeling of participation
I could complete the job using a software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
department ' s overall effectiveness
what do you believe is not the biggest risk for regular internet users due to the serious possibility that personal information submitted could be misused ?
we adopt them early .
simple - minded .
the information is presented in a visual manner .
I would find MDS to be easy to use.
fixing faults and certain types of rework account for a significant proportion of systems development effort .
the store ’ s web site provided additional information .
overall , what do you think about the website that you identified : dissatisfied - satisfied .
we have the necessary scale and volume to fully justify internal data processing management and operations
overall , i feel satisfied at the kind of work i do at this job .
emphasizing quality of .
first please evaluate the level level of knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive executives in your firm today ’ s present and future products , markets , business strategies , and business processes .
while using the web - site i felt confused .
interacting with the electronic mail system requires a lot of my mental .
using an ems increases [ or increase ] the productivity of groups we work with .
trainer acted as his role model .
please recognize the importance from this supplier to your organization at the time your organization is being encouraged to adopt edi .
when faced with a particular task , using the www is usually an obvious first choice for me .
CEO's personal participation in firm's use of IT
most internet retailers and auction - sellers are reliable .
quality data is systematically used in managing systems performance .
shopping more online improves the quality of decision making .
some key people in our design team do not have enough knowledge or skill to do their part of the team member ’ s task well . in reverse
replaces the leaving supplier staff with someone highly qualified or with equivalent expertise .
the performance of the web site that was easy to use was : ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you felt )
using on this web website enables me to accomplish a shopping task more quickly than using traditional stores .
it is used to ensure quality of product .
increased sales revenue .
and periodically identify and eliminate redundancies in the software code .
during my last visit to booksamillion . com , i found having my visit interesting .
Importance of activity now: integrate networks
to become members of the network , candidate firms must be made known to , or have a prior working relationship existing with , existing members .
please , rate the effectiveness of your new product development work - unit in the frequency of executing prototypes or sample product design testing , relative to your major competitors .
cut and display a line graph ?
in this team , everyone has to be alert or someone more likely to take advantage of you .
switching to the new technology in dealing with the nop system could result in unexpected hassles .
i even could complete the first job using a word processing package if i only had a lot of time to complete the job for which all the software was provided .
for this adjective , please circle the number that best matches a description of objects when we interact in microcomputers : playful
the website adequately also meets my information needs .
how knowledgeable are you about using word processing ?
if the choice of the ( technology type ) platform were up to you , it might likely be ( system ) .
is tell users exactly when services will usually be performed
this website allows me to review a specific product .
it is easy for you to shop online .
overall , our systems development methodology helps to develop our systems .
relatively easy to become skillful
the group ’ s design of the ems is faithful to its original design .
such major price / performance ratio improvements are very likely in our current production goods .
Was there much conflict concerning this system between yourself and others?
but when it is promises to do something by a certain time , it does so
only certain kinds of journal articles count ( i . e . “ refereed ” and / or published editorial reviewed ” ) .
the web site ’ ' s performance in providing information that is informative to your purchase decision was … ( much ( lower than you first thought / much higher than what you thought )
business strategies are driven by the goal of increasing customer .
attitude to the implementation staff
Members in this team are always trustworthy.
my group ’ s use of the ems was aligned with the goals and attitudes the systems aims [ aimed ] toward achieve .
how highly likely are you , within the next three calendar years to : - take action to have your name removed from direct mail lists for catalogs , a product , or services .
Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the adequately using IT tools (e.g.,multithreaded discussions) to add new meaning to existing knowledge in the new product development process.
attends your ( and supplier ’ s ) presentation of project milestones .
so , i could give the information from - - - high marks .
i think that other people may read my previous posts .
overall , most of my expectations from using the www was confirmed .
how important is the opposition of employees for your firm , regarding the effective use of using it in the next 6 months ?
the community ’ s successes are my successes .
level of work pressure and stress i . face ( e . g . , updating of it skills , manual information processing and work overload , and electronic monitoring ) .
our suppliers use computer systems in hand to quickly respond to our product inquiries .
my interaction with the national electronic mail system is easy for me to understand
this planning exercise is very expensive .
how much are personality conflicts evident in the team ?
The installation techniques used for the software.
the web site kept me totally - absorbed in the browsing .
evaluate the typical number and new product design features . the cpc solution was deployed .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to plan and execute work in a collaborative environment
the web site said the performance that was easy to use was … ( very poor / very good )
supplier that proactively anticipates your emerging role .
what was the percentage for microcomputers linked to lans ?
to what extent do you at present intend to carry the mail regularly ?
my design works together better than most projects on which i have worked .
Use of a PC can significantly increase the quality of output of my job.
we require detailed , factual information to provide support in our day - to - day decision making .
Difficulty in achieving “critical mass” of trading partners.
our systems development methodology helps to increase the performance by the application developers .
some of their powers are closely connected with the ones of our channel partners
compared to its competitors , how does the organization rate on ability and charge competitive prices for software for current product lines ?
supplier that develops new technology products are critical to your success .
it would use pages with similar characteristics to those of this website in the future .
This website provides me with product reviews.
an adequate protection of my personal information would make it much / more difficult / easier for me to purchase all this product from this particular vendor .
communications management is staff and managerial users
the results of using a pws are explained to me .
i am concerned that another person can find private information about me on his internet .
i am able and plan my schoolwork
what is your general theoretical knowledge of enterprise resource planning ?
things you want or do at home do not get done outside of the demands my job puts on me .
but overall , i find myself using a pws to be advantageous in my job .
are new systems designed and installed in a way which enhances the credibility of the systems organization ?
please rate by the demonstrated effectiveness by which your new new product development or work unit uses the representing the true availability of people , skills , and resources to enable appropriate task assignment strategies in the new product development process .
working with competent colleagues
the quality rate of system response time i had experienced was ; very low - very high .
the quality of the reliability of the support service as originally planned was ; very high - very high .
during my last visit to booksamillion . com com i found all my visit fun .
information systems chief executive officer assumes responsibility for quality performance .
the web site ’ s performance that has a simple layout by the readers was … ( very poor / very good )
i believe that most professional people do do a really very good job at their work .
how much are personality - conflicts evident in your team ?
In learning situations, I tend to set fairly challenging goals for myself
Learning to operate an EMS is [would be] easy for groups I work with.
the following questions ask you about how you would characterize about yourself when you use computers : unoriginal
how do you you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website : very very dissatisfied - but very satisfied .
i like you using this website
overall , how would you really rate the quality of service provided by who is ?
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We promptly make our contributions to the group with attention and care.
in relation to other project designing teams you have been a member of or observed , how does this design team rate on your ability to meet the goals for your project ?
team members ' responses to each other ' re answers are correct and useful .
the networks that you can access
online shopping also gives me a wider choice of different convenience stores compared to conventional stores .
I wanted to do as good a job as possible no matter how much effort it took.
please rate the effectiveness by which a new product design work unit uses their team prioritizing tasks and keeping deliverables in track to ensure realistic schedules in the new product development process .
having an exact card system is clear and understandable for me and my staff .
this web vendor would feel honest in providing accurate information about the product .
how likely are you , within these next three months to : decide not . apply for something , like a license , credit , or insurance , because you do not want to provide certain kinds or information about them .
i find the internet tv very easy to use
this website would be useful for getting valuable technical information about this product .
It is important to minimize tax cost.
no involvement . users are unwilling . not invited to participate .
i try to avoid situations sometimes that require thinking more in - depth about something .
Volume of output information provided by the system
the hardware platform used software for the software .
Time required for systems development
Our systems development methodology helps to decompose the system to be developed into workable parts.
the effectiveness of computer services by staff
only certain general categories of is journal publications may count ( i . e . , “ refereed ” and / or “ editorial reviewed ” ) .
the following questions ask you how exactly you would characterize yourself when can you use computers : flexible
The tools provided by the site allow me to upgrade a product.
Usually, my direct supervisor does not have to approve my decisions before I can take action.
our software development methods approach ( es ) are developed such that they can be used effectively for a wide variety of projects .
How would you characterize the possibility of using the data exchange offered by this vendor to carry out purchasing transactions?  Significant opportunity - significant threat.
is - manager knowledge : about how informed is your / is management team about business operations of each unit ?
and i think that using the exact card payment system fits well with the way my staff and i like to receive payment online for goods and services .
but i am able to concentrate on school subjects
In general, information that is relevant to your purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
and plan to increase my dose of - - - over the next year .
why write a macro which will call up the lotus menu ?
i get a sinking feeling when i think of trying unsuccessfully to use a new computer .
also compared to google alone : which is useful for searching information on the web .
frequently , the need for information arises on an irregular schedule and is not predictable until advance .
help by advice . advice is solicited during interviews or questionnaires .
the planning for development is initiated at the highest levels of the organization .
and involvement in decision - making .
online shopping gives me a wider range of different stores compared to retail stores .
it is easy for my staff including i to become skillful at using the exact card system .
sisp output fails successfully to identify specific new projects .
how much friction is there among members ... of your team ?
Most Internet vendors do a capable job at meeting customer needs.
in more general , how much does your firm usually want to do what suppliers / vendors think the firm normally should not do ?
the output is not in accordance with the expectations of top executives .
using chart - master in my new job would increase my productivity
please report the performance of your new product development process unit relative to your major competitors in developing innovations in products as a whole .
are not you frustrated with the way in which development priorities are being set , reviewed , and reset ?
The implementation team's relationship with the staff of your agency
importance of knowing what secret information a company keeps about me stored in their databases .
based from the advice i just read , they would serve notice , wait , look ahead and get the repair done , and then deduct the amount of the repair on my rent .
the tools provided by running the site allow me to get reports on my current financial transactions with the company .
Given a tough legal issue, I would be willing to pay for a 30-minute phone consultation with a LegalAdvice.com lawyer.
insensitive ? possessive ?
importance of the three steps from now : implement new or changed computer - supported business processes
the methodology also makes inappropriate assumptions about organization site .
In general, our mode of operations is less risky than that of our competitors.
on comparison , please see overall performance of amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auction sellers in terms and timeliness of product delivery .
major emphasis on the customer needs
personal security and privacy
with your relationship with ( partner company ) what kind of delivery procedures were changed to meet each other ’ s needs ?
our business partner , performs all of their roles very well
please rate the effectiveness of your new core product and development work unit in the following main activities , relative to your major competitors : we carefully interrelate our actions to each other to meet the changing conditions .
i know i have an ability to use a spreadsheet and communicate numeric information to others .
in my organization , no one sees pws on many desks .
Our production goods (raw materials) have a complex electronic or mechanical assembly of raw materials.
how those reporting levels are between you and the ceo ?
supplier information that keeps abreast with latest technological developments .
the systems development methodology helps to build management commitment for our systems development projects .
MDS would offer a good value for the money.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in : supporting all the computing needs of your company three hundred years from now : cobol , or any other third generation language
the tools provided by the site help me monitor how i am using on the finished product .
i think that other people search my archive to find even more about me .
Familiarizing myself with the product on this website is similar to my product evaluation style in physical stores.
i am able . organize my schoolwork
the system is not accurate .
please rate the overall performance of your new product and development work unit relative to your major competitors in creation and of new product concepts .
using electronic mail saves me .
to further aid me both in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( the system ) as a ( technology type ) is : productivity increasing - productivity is decreasing
i could complete the job using the word processor package if i had only the software manuals for it .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or services are in supporting the computing industry in your company now : assembly language
There is a strong feeling in our IS group that a common purpose exists.
how much would suppliers / vendors approve of your firm using it in in the very next 6 months ?
importance of current activity for three years from now : implement new or changed computer - supported business processes
The online store had answers to all my questions about the product.
Importance of activity three years from now: support existing portfolio of applications
Overall the benefits of this system for my organization are: not at all - very much.
how do you feel about your overall personal experience of the original purchase through this new website : very displeased - very pleased .
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to support having manufacturing/operations flexibility?
I can save time by using this website.
like you indicated before , outsourced activity is a primary role of your team in this outsourcing process . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate each extent with which you support or disagree with the following statements : there are established procedures and practices that can be followed for perform this outsourced is activity .
it would be very very costly for our competitors to imitate this new business process .
assigns adequate qualified staff members dedicated to the project ( i . e . , few staff changes ) .
employees should not share personal information with other companies unless it has been authorized to the individuals who provided the information .
entry into a new world .
Please indicate your level of agreement with the following statement: “The project executive had a solid understanding of the systems development process.”
legaladvice . com is competent and effective provider in providing legal legal advice .
creating this website would enhance my effectiveness in getting useful information about this new product .
the opportunity to do challenging work was important to me
on this team , we would do our software development , using pairs of developers .
The procedures and routines used in this business process are specific to our firm.
Our organization fosters a good relationship between IT department and end users.
i also find it more convenient to educate myself about auto insurance policy coverages by reading from the official site or by asking questions about an agent .
Level of intellectual skills required of me to learn to use the software/system or interpret the information it generates.
all things obvious , using the internet tv is … very negative / extremely positive
please rate the pressure levels to adopt edi placed on your organization by your potential competitors .
knowledge sharing about all of our channel partners , other competitors , etc . , is shared with our other customers
please indicate how important the following is your knowledge or what skills are in supporting the computing needs of all your company right now : cobol , or other third generation language
it was difficult to convince top management to approve the methodology .
Understanding the strategic priorities of top management.
Supplier understands your business processes in order to satisfy all your needs.
Using the CRM system runs counter to my values about how to conduct my job
the information is presented here .
innovation is seen as too closely tied to the failure , success or failure of our is group achievements .
top - management is also involved in strategic is planning .
i expect that using mds alone would be pleasurable .
the information was presented clearly .
that it will increase their speed with which we get things done .
my work environment allows me to request help from my supervisor if needed .
he maintains my personal information , so i can make repeated orders rather conveniently .
the system is not currently compatible with other systems i use .
Reduction in the time to transmit change orders.
How often have you participated in and/or led in initiating new IS projects?
reduction in employee administrative expenses .
overall , how satisfied were you in participating in this global research team collaboration ?
for this particular adjective , you please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : the spontaneous
the senior management of our company actively formulated a strategy regarding the organizational use of enterprise resource planning .
i will have you reading my disks in the crc .
to what degree would you believe that the communication i provided to your project executive regarding the project status was : not credible - credible
ability to customize outputs to meet various user needs
to aid , me in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , ( overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology ) type ) is : - productivity increasing - productivity decreasing
controllable
i find it easy enough to get the ( and task - related ) portions of ( system ) to do exactly what i want it to do .
internet websites handle personal information submitted by users with a competent fashion .
How likely are you, within the next three years to refuse to give information to a business or company because you think it is too personal?
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on the speed at which new software markets can be entered?
Information that is easy to comprehend is …(not important at all/extremely important)
employees will have the knowledge to do the job well
one of the environmental constraints that the organization operates within ( e . g . government policies , industrial relationships , regulations , etc . ) is . . . of no use / of absolute necessity
works as a team with customer ( customer ) .
information i need is on the computer , , but it requires special computer programming to get it out .
i believe that , at half the current price , mds would provide a good value .
the information it provided during the dms training session was helpful .
The person providing the DMS training was knowledgeable on this topic.
i have the knowledge necessary to use that system .
My family thinks that I should use the Internet TV
i intend to use mds technology in the future .
It manages and maintains personal account records.
Our way of doing business is closely linked with our channel partners
i would recommend this unique training program to others .
the training program got us more nervous about becoming more computer literate .
it is important to minimize payment over time .
the data maintained by the online data exchange is pretty much what i need to carry out my current tasks .
the quality of music that i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
member firms share accepted ways of doing a business .
things i want to do at work do not get done because to the demands my job puts on us .
Has a common or joint sense of mission and purpose with you (customer).
firms expect other members who fulfill their obligations because they become members of the network .
using a pws gives me greater autonomy over my work .
Faced with a difficult legal situation, I would be willing to pay to access information on the LegalAdvice.com Web site.
i was absorbed intensely – very absorbed intensely .
being able to get a real feel for a product would make it much more very difficult / much easier for me to purchase this product directly from this great web vendor .
dr . x asks the people affected by his decisions for their ideas , and opinions .
if i use such a computer i will greatly increase the quality of output of my job .
i work within an environment in which good procedures keep things fair and impartial .
the sisp format does not capture all the information that was developed during the 1980s .
the senior management of our company actively established goals and plans to monitor the enterprise resource planning project .
We are comfortable with web-based information technologies.
the web had aroused my imagination .
please evaluate the degree and environmental turbulence which your npd work unit faces in your product - market area : marketing practices for our product area are continually changing .
work products , processes , and services were objectively evaluated against the application requirements to ensure the issues arising from these reviews are addressed after the cpc system was deployed .
adapting technology up to strategic change .
our is support detailed analyses of major strategic business decisions .
our systems development methodology helps in achieving useful milestones for our systems engineering projects .
i think that using the exact card system actually fits well well with the way my support staff and i like to receive payment for goods and services .
members of the team know how everyone in the team approaches their work with professionalism and dedication .
evaluate the cost of product - design and prototyping , before the cpc solution was deployed .
give all human beings who are born free and equal indignity and rights .
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Performing this outsourced IS activity is likely to remain fairly predictable in the short term.
or do you predict your firm ' s performance in applying it to execute inbound logistics ?
using a pws enables me [MASK] to accomplish tasks more quickly .
how often do you organize the following events for your tmt that increase their is knowledge ?
My interaction with a PWS is clear and understandable.
Capacity management: exclusively internal-exclusively external
I feel safe in my transactions with the online store.
using the crm system is vastly different from other experiences i have had
Frequently, after I see what data are available or what the data say, I change my view of the problem and of what data are needed.
the cost for interacting with other network members is low .
i was able to remember information presented in class and textbooks
please indicate how important all the knowledge following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three more years from now : ability to correctly interpret business problems & develop an appropriate technical solution
we will usually be considerate of each another ’ s feelings about this team .
overall , i believe using a pws can be advantageous in my job .
please evaluate the degree of social turbulence that your npd work unit faces in this product - specific area : new product developments are very frequent in this market .
I believe I have the ability to save a file.
a well - coordinated community has been formed among all the many users of this site .
prices at amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions are in general reliable .
it offers various ways to communicate between both the customer and the company .
please indicate how important the following basic knowledge and skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company example : 4th generation languages
the next time i need to shop for a sports watch as a gift or for a mutual friend , i would like to use a website with characteristics similar to in those of this website .
in general , legaladvice . com is very knowledgeable all about the constitutional law .
importance of activity now : manage / plan / systems development / implementation
application of modern relational database technology
on my last visit at booksamillion . com i concentrated fully on the activity .
according to your competitors , how is your organization rate on the rate of introduction to new software products / services ?
in order to get liked and be liked , i tend to be what other people want me to be rather like anything else
interacting with the environment does not require a lot of intense mental effort .
There was no conflict in our group regarding how we should incorporate the electronic meeting system into our work.
employees of is to understand the specific needs of its users
development cycle time , cost and productivity are used as the basis for models for information systems development .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge and skills needed in supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to understand your computing environment
training has progressed from examples to general conclusion .
businesses should never share personal information with other companies unless it has been authorized by those individuals who provided the data .
on average , just how predictable are each one of the following at the start of doing a software development project in your home organization ? actual budget that would be consumed by the project .
when people give their personal information to a private company account for some reason , the company should never use the information for any other reason .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , the need ( system ) : a ( technology type ) is : clear to interact . - clear to interact with
did you have a responsibility for selecting the hardware hardware and / or software needed for the new system ?
the history of pc use
overall , using - - - - is a ( unpleasant / not pleasant ) experience .
Importance of activity three years from now: manage/plan systems development/implementation
sisp output fails to include the overall development and training plan for the is department .
i would feel more confident purchasing the policy through reading the web page than through an agent .
ceo involvement in deal - making .
how much effort ( in time and energy ) did you spend recommending or suggesting them for your tasks so that they could use this system ?
upward mobile communication
i was in full agreement with it .
tactical advantage .
dr . x is primarily concerned with not getting the job done .
Reduction in the reject rates of goods procured.
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or that skills are required in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now now : ability is to work closely with customers and maintain productive user or client relationship
the information in this e - mail is : … helpful / harmful
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: expect systems/AI
importance of activity now : manage / plan feasibility / approval process for new projects and .
setting performance ;
because though the contractors were previously part of the main client organization , i expect the contractors to be more willing to just put in a full day ’ s hard work for a full day ’ s overtime pay than other vendors .
This section pertains to the usage of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement. System testing (including system demos) refers to the formal or informal assessment of the quality of the deliverables and adherence to the established technical standards. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client provides feedback to the vendor team on the results of system testing.
subjective - no objective .
the user ' s participation
that it actually will help us better serve our customers / clients .
entry into a completely new market .
still , i am familiar with this site .
we develop comprehensive analyses critically of each business opportunity or challenge we face .
this would take a lot of time and effort to adapt to the new way of working on the nop system .
easy to - learn
the diversity of software - packages used for work ( number of packages )
many online companies should devote more time and effort more to verifying and the accuracy of the personal information in their databases .
based on the information provided to me about the web site , do you expect information on the web site to be in general , reliable for making a business decision ?
in general , how much did you feel that the project chief executive could do to further advance your career ?
Our team members had a global perspective that includes each other's decisions and the relationship among them.
please rate in the effectiveness of your new product development / work unit and in the execution of several test - marketing programs in line with commercialization plans relative to your major market competitors .
while using the web site he felt frustrated .
on this team they will talk freely with each other about difficulties we were having and know that others will want to listen .
Software applications on multiple machines of multiple vendors are interoperable with each other across our channel partners
the performance of using the web site that in general , was is user - friendly and was … ( much lower than what you thought / much higher than you thought )
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com my attention was focused on the activity.
i will recommend this song to friends .
i became more interested in the “ community - my first ” concept .
i could complete the job using just a software development package if i had just the built - in help facility for human assistance .
please indicate how important the statement following is knowledge available or skills are in general supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to interpret business problems & develop appropriate effective technical solution
The actual process of using Electronic Mail is (would be): extremely unpleasant - extremely pleasant
If I don’t succeed on a difficult task, I plan to try harder the next time
If you exert a great effort, the likelihood (probability) that you will be a highly effective performer in this job is...
In the past 3 months, how often did difficult problems arise in your work for which there were no immediate or apparent methods for dealing with the problems?
we intend to use that system in the next < n > months .
using this website improved its performance in shopping .
and a pws is completely compatible with my current situation .
Evaluate product quality based on the number of ECOs before the CPC solution was deployed.
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: lower operating costs
cio member and tmt members :
When I was using MS Excel, I felt totally immersed in what I was doing.
the mainframes that let you access
to what other extent do you at present intend to also use electronic mail regularly ?
i find it easy . get the internet mail system to do what i want it to do
Organization's Effectiveness
I was stimulated to do additional work in the area of “community-first.”
that it will create problems in integrating them with our current operations .
I expect that I would use MDS in the future.
using the pws is often frustrating .
i have a lot of freedom to decide how best i perform my assigned tasks .
We maintain close relationships with the contractors.
for me , saving money within the first 30 days is important .
please rate the performance on your new product development work , relative against your major competitors in accelerated time - to - market .
they feel fatigued when i get up in the morning and have to face another day down the road .
Comparison to leadership peers. (worse than leader peers?better than leader peers)
Network members can manage conflicts to reach compromise.
It provides various assortments of goods and services.
importance of activity now : analyze new business problems and is solutions
how ready , willing and able is the government to make this program a success ?
what is it your general knowledge of e - mail ?
during my last visit to booksamillion . com , found the visit fun .
i ' m not always the person that i appear to be
i could complete the job using the software package if i could ask someone for help if i was stuck .
functionality improvements are very effective in our production goods .
I worry about receiving wrong products.
I learned to identify central ideas in the “community-first” area.
Skill needed on Job
Accepts scope change without additional charge.
i feel that the amount of work i receive interferes with how well it seems done .
Firms use face-to-face meetings to coordinate activities.
this web site ’ s performance in providing information that is credible was poor ( far lower than you thought / much higher than you felt )
we have reduced the risk for technological obsolescence .
the website increases my online online shopping effectiveness .
the methodology therefore requires too much top management involvement .
the web site ’ ' s overall performance in providing information that it is trustworthy was … ( much significantly lower than you thought / much higher than you thought )
CEO's role in corporate IT steering committee
how often do people organize the following events at the tmt to increase their is knowledge ?
sisp - output fails to sufficiently address in the role of a permanent is planning group .
- - - is relatively easy to operate .
processes used for effectively managing relationships with it outsourcing relationships , are ( unique in , all or almost all of , the business units … common across all , or almost all of the business units )
having an exact card system is not a status symbol among the few merchants i know .
because the two contractors also were previously part of the client services organization , i expect the contractors to volunteer to help do many more tasks outside the service level agreement ( sla ) than other vendors .
because { subordinate } and software process improvements { 2 } is more productive in his or their work .
time to use
using the crm system will enhance its effectiveness on the job
our team members carefully made their choice and maximize an overall team performance .
i like the ease of the comparison shopping .
the extent to degree which this community helps you to get information .
major product innovations are more likely for the production goods we procure .
right now , to what extent do i feel hostile ?
External data processing service-providers would have to be closely and constantly monitored to ensure that they adhere to our contractual terms and conditions
to what extent does the ess enable change or broaden your outlook ?
our team leaders were able to reach consensus on whether to apply the electronic meeting system to our task .
intuition thinking ( 2014 )
Generating new ideas to reengineer business processes through IT.
when i talk about this community , i usually say things “ we ” rather than “ what they ” .
using the crc to fit into my workstyle .
any information that contains necessary topics for your purchase or decision is … ( not important at all / not extremely important )
i ' d like to work with the group again .
in our relationship with ( partner company ) , the information exchange helps us provide the other with a unique perspective which both of us could have gotten on our own .
i have all the knowledge necessary to use the system .
not wide - ranging - narrow - focused .
- - - allows me to get my work done pretty quickly .
my job produces strain and makes it difficult to fulfill family duties .
product requires a continuous technological innovation .
i like to do as little as possible to shop .
IS breakdown for extended periods will affect organizational activities severely.
in general , the internet industry is now in a robust and safe environment in which to transact business .
he ' m not always the person i appear to be
i will recommend visiting this website to friends .
amazon . com com makes it easier to shop for cds .
i am concerned about security for all commerce .
importance of activity three years from completion : train and educate end users
it also offers custom - made communication services to individual users .
i am physically drained when i get home from work .
it taught me how to focus on identifying the central issues .
using this website improved my taste in shopping .
to your law firm , using it in the next next 6 months would be : easy - difficult .
to to what extent , does the ess enable you to question your preconceptions ?
if the software would meet user needs .
do newly developed systems work any way the user expected them to ?
computer databases that contain personal information must be protected from unauthorized access — no matter however much it costs
terms used for establishing relationships between the it department or the business units : ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across some or almost all of the business units )
overall team effectiveness . as team leader . ( ineffective team leader ? effective team leader )
it takes too long to learn how to use a pc to help make making it worth the effort .
within a specific system help support person or group is available for assistance with system difficulties .
To your firm, using IT in the next 6 months would be: simple to arrange - complicated to arrange.
I feel I don't have enough time for myself.
importance of activity now : hardware support hardware
i have a higher workload because of the increased technology complexity .
the methodology fails to analyze the current current strengths and current weaknesses of the is department .
--- effectively integrates data from different areas of the company.
i would find mds to be easy to understand .
in my opinion , using the bathroom increased my shopping effectiveness .
it offers various ways to communicate between the potential customer and the company .
it would be more difficult to modify our contracts or agreements with external data processing service - provider before a contract is signed
Amount of time required of me to learn to use the software/system at work.
Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of IT tools (e.g., transformation functions) to create meaning to information by changing its form in the new product development process.
a service that fits into my workstyle , is : ( = bad / good ) .
our organization has realized the following improved performance outcomes as a result of improving our interactions today with this business partner : improved resource control
examples of outputs that can be generated .
using an electronic meeting system improves [ would improve ] the performance for those i work with .
The online store remembers/recognizes me as a repeat customer (after the first time).
please rate on the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities , relative to your major competitors : we promptly make our contributions available to the group with proper attention and proper care .
How well did the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of meeting the overall SLA?
he has technical labor skills that are unique to your requirement .
emphasizing quality of output
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit using the following chart relative to your major competitors : we periodically review the likely effect of improvements in your business performance on customers .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to understand the business environment
- - - nodded reliably .
www . com increases my productivity in shopping for cds .
i think that some other people have read my previous posts .
but what is your general knowledge of outsourcing ?
In our IS group, operating rules and standard procedures play important roles in how decisions are handled.
Using the Exact card system increases the productivity of me and my staff.
That it will improve access to information.
the ability of the support service people to keep accurate records that i originally expected there was ; not very very low - very high .
this task requires frequent coordination with and the effort of others .
How satisfied were you with the outcome of your team’s project?
ceo involvement participation in monitoring project .
a number of functional area managers participate in the process of policy planning .
information that is not easy to read is … ( not important at nearly all / extremely important )
how informed are you about the it , vision and statements in your business unit ?
importance of activity 20 years from now : implement improved or changed computer - supported business processes
please indicate how important the following is knowledge , or skills that are in supporting the computing needs of all your company three years from now : ability to accurately interpret business problems & develop appropriate and technical solution
on average , what predictable are all of the following at the beginning of a software development project in your organization ? actual time of completion of project
I thought about what things I needed to do to learn
i would find chart - making useful in my job
true ? or false ?
The quality of system functionality I originally expected was; very low-very high.
members of the team have made many emotional investments in our family relationships .
i find using the system to be challenging .
but given the resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes to correctly use each tool ( [ the spreadsheet ] and also my calculator ) it definitely would be easier for me to choose [ the spreadsheet ] rather than use my calculator for making the next assignment .
increased personnel reduction .
the list on the action listing is pretty much what i use to carry out my tasks
like you indicated earlier , outsourced activities becomes the primary focus of your team within this outsourcing arrangement . with respect towards outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which you agree but disagree with the following statements : collaborative activity has evolved in our organization of information sharing .
format dates from a worksheet ?
job and performance
Quality goals within information systems are very specific.
in my organization , nobody sees pws on many desks .
i would be willing to provide for my social security number to legaladvice . . com .
i feel delighted here with the information system .
i would have difficulty explain why , using a pws may not or may not be beneficial .
please indicate your level in agreement with the following statement : “ the project executive had considerable knowledge of how to develop and implement it . ”
Regular training in quality management tools and techniques is given to IS personnel.
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development working group in the following activities relative to your major competitors : group members ensure your fair sharing in resources .
all in all , i am satisfied with my .
decrease in market prices .
a specific person ( or group ) is available available for assistance with health system difficulties .
Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be adapted to the productivity goals of individual projects.
the using ( computer system ) enhances my effectiveness in ( accomplishing task ) .
because the contractors were previously part of the client organization , they expect the company to be successful at promoting more positive attitude in client organization than other vendors .
... this site is trustworthy .
using the internet internet tv is enjoyable
overall , implementation using the crc will be advantageous .
companies should devote much more time and effort to verifying the accuracy level of the personal data information in their databases .
installment loan program : exclusively internal - exclusively external
to what extent do you agree here with the action i suggested in the message ?
I often become confused when I use the electronic mail system
gives necessary financial approval for payment at predefined milestones .
we use more hardware modules and multiple software configurations than most of our peer banks
addresses the information needs of organizational subunits .
the methodology fails to take into account the organizational goals and strategies .
people have a responsibility and tell companies when a product they receive is unsatisfactory .
is provides its services at all times it promises to do so so
amazon . com enhances my effectiveness in cd - shopping .
using the website can increase my shopping productivity .
i have already put a lot of time and effort left into mastering with the current way of working .
sellers in today ’ s auctions are in general trustworthy .
please rate of the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the adequacy suite of information technology tools to visualize data and monitor the project status , task lists , and progress of workflows in supporting the new product product development process .
the pressures that arise in these night - to - day tasks keep our working group from planning for its future .
how satisfied were all you with the outcome of your team member ’ s project ?
The team is addressing questions that have never been asked in quite that form before.
the degree of that internet usage has been promoted by support from suppliers
as long as the present service continues , i doubt that i would switch onto another .
and project management
the virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to more easily know rationale behind the business decisions made by team - members so quickly that decisions and rationale decisions can be revisited later .
in general , how much does your firm usually sell to , what all other employees who might use it at the firm should do ?
The Web site  aroused my imagination.
how satisfied were you with the two members in your team ?
i find the system would be useful in my job .
importance of activity now : manage / plan corporate strategy is strategies , strategic product applications , technology architecture
there also is too much uncertainty associated with giving ( the information ) to online firms .
i feel comfortable depending on my team leader for the completion of my project .
Firm use IT (e.g., mailing lists, VoIP) to coordinate activities.
Emotional? Unemotional?
information about evaluating or revising drafts .
how effective there was your group at generating ideas ?
Users' feelings of participation in project.
All things considered, using the Internet TV is … extremely bad/extremely good
i could complete the job using the software package if i had taken a whole lot of time to actually complete the job for which the software was being provided .
business insights are exchanged between us and our other .
i plan to use the facility in the upcoming < n > months .
a small local business received one - fourth of its gross revenue in the form of cash . the owner reported only receiving one - half of the cash and receipts used for income tax purposes .
age - restricted .
i would like to travel as little as possible to purchase .
build a professional .
i feel at ease after a computer class .
We have increased control of IT expenses.
i would find it more convenient to file a claim online on the web than going through an agent .
Significance
overall , this business development partner is capable and proficient
There is a high potential for loss involved in participating in Amazon/eBay auctions.
if i use the computer i will increase my effectiveness on the job
currency of .
overall knowledge acquired by firm through developing the project .
with these factors well in mind , indicate that the attractiveness to you of being such a highly effective performer in your current job .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We are effective in developing new knowledge or insights that have the potential to influence product development.
the online store site provided sufficient information for the product .
please rate the cost effectiveness process by which your new product and development will work this unit uses the adequacy of it tools ( e . g . , whiteboards , presentation features ) to manipulate the format [MASK] of contributions in the new product development process .
dr . x has no idea of why people working under torture do what they do .
is support for users in preparing proposals on new systems
This section pertains to the usage of progress reports in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: Performance appraisal of the vendor team by the client team is dependent, in part, on the extent to which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress reports.
The tools provided by the site aid me in identifying which product attributes best fit my needs.
by making use of unsatisfactory services , over the long run the quality of services will improve .
if i heard about a new information technology , i probably would look for other ways to experiment with it
our systems development methodology also helps to develop more functional systems .
to what extent could a project executive distinguish between effective and ineffective systems development processes in the project ?
are all the initiatives needed to realize benefits , and how these will get tackled , identified with the future ?
they work more quickly
our process for strategic management is very structured .
if a similar ordering mechanism arises in the future , i would feel comfortable using this data exchange mechanism to place my own .
length of time required of students to learn to use the software / system at work .
distorted ? distorted ?
Defines clearly specifications of product or service.
work makes me too tired or irritable to join in or support family life .
I would feel safe giving (the information) to online companies.
Using MDS would help me accomplish things more quickly.
i intend to continue by using only the internet tv for email , browsing , or searching during the next three calendar months
The auction listing’s use of fonts and colors is pleasing
and how much influence today do you have in the establishing rules and procedures about how your work is to be done ?
is [MASK] is used to automatically offer significant new features to the existing product line .
for this adjective , please circle the number that best fits a description of yourself when you work with microcomputers : .
please indicate how important the following business knowledge or skills are in meeting the computing needs of your company now : knowledge of business .
i get a personal feeling of satisfaction from my job
Our IS planning process is tightly integrated with the firm’s normal financial planning or capital budgeting routine.
ceo ' s informal contacts with it .
importance of it three years from now : implement data management procedures
is breakdown will affect ... our database access .
I am familiar with the process of purchasing from this site.
the performance of the web - site that still has a simple layout for storing its contents was … ( much lower than you previously thought / much higher than you thought )
i believe the online store is responding to my needs .
shopping via the web saves time .
the person providing the dms training is trustworthy .
Development cycle time, cost and productivity are used as the basis for rewards for information systems personnel.
i find it so easy to get the crm system to just do what i want it to do
the system is easy to implement .
using these pws is often frustrating .
in my work , i usually do not have to go directly to a direct supervisor for a final decision .
team members have established effective plans and procedures to coordinate work .
short lead time required - new systems development
sensation thinking ( 4 st )
Use of a steering committee for developing and monitoring the information system
is breakdown that will affect overall coordination within our organization .
being able now to carefully evaluate a product profile would make it much more difficult / easier for me to purchase all this product from this web vendor .
i intend to continue using my internet tv during the next three months
to become members worthy of joining the network , candidate firms must demonstrate commitment to the ideals of using open source software .
Our group reached mutual understanding on how we should use the electronic meeting system to perform our task.
team members ' answers to each another ' s questions are correct and useful .
the training helped me to practice the key component skills required to produce all the demonstrated computer operations .
i will be with this family five years from now .
one of the advantages of shopping on a web was the absence of sales pressure .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge our skills are in supporting the computing needs of your society three years ago now : telecommunications
it is easy for me to shop for online .
i find new recruits to this organization know more things about computer aided technology than i do .
the search site ’ s performance in providing information that is needed was … ( very good / very good )
this section pertains to assessing the usage level of requirements documentation provided directly by the client in this outsourcing business arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree or you disagree , with the following statements : the client assesses on the extent to which the vendor team meets the requirements specified specifically by the client .
i also was deeply engrossed – not deeply engrossed .
what economic benefits of the software would be .
the quality of information timeliness i originally expected was ; very high - quite high .
After using the Web site, information that you obtained made you… (very dissatisfied/very satisfied)
Using a PWS fits into my work style.
Timeliness of output
i would find it more convenient i educate people on auto insurance policy coverages by reading from the web site than by answering questions of an agent .
in general , how much did he feel that the project executive could do to further his career ?
processes used for negotiating and making deals with it vendors and service providers are ( unique in all or nearly all , the business units ) common across all or almost none of the service units )
communication about evaluating drafts or revising drafts .
i have the resources necessary now to use the system .
during the video demonstration , i was completely absorbed by the demonstrated activities .
this community ’ s successes are my legacy .
providing online users with ( the information ) would have many unexpected problems .
just how knowledgeable is the top management team about the potential and limitation of current it ?
all things considered , using the internet tv is … extremely difficult / extremely .
The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: playful
all members of this team have a shared understanding of how code is to be safely written .
please rate the effectiveness rating of your npd work unit results in the four following activities relative to your major competitors : we will often review our product development efforts to ensure they are in line with what the other customers want .
Workers need a deeper understanding of our firm and customers to be effective in executing this business process.
being within my budget would make it so much more difficult / easier even for me to purchase this product directly from this web vendor .
my behavior is always an expression of my true inner feelings , beliefs and beliefs
importance and activity now : support information access and security
it was important to minimize tax cost .
Complex? Simple?
quality of training is provided .
some people can be trusted
please indicate how important the statement following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing software needs of your company . now : assembly language
please indicate the important the following is knowledge or skills are in meeting the specific needs of your company including : data management ( e . g . , data modeling )
This section pertains to the usage of project plans in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The client assesses the extent to which the vendor team follows the project plan.
Using a PWS gives me greater control over my work.
Overall, the people will be very trustworthy.
pleasurable ? erotic ?
to aid me in my ( system , purpose ) , system , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : efficient - inefficient
are you frustrated enough with understanding the way in which development priorities are set , reviewed , and reset ?
--- returns answers to my requests quickly.
i am familiar with searching online for items on this site .
this website allows me to also review a product .
distorted ? falsely accurate ?
groups i work with find [ would find ] the electronic meeting system to become able to interact with .
pseudo - impersonal .
i think that any number of requests , requests , or complaints i deal with is more than expected .
our systems development methodology helps us develop new applications faster .
this team has had a good job of figuring out how work will flow among team members .
a similar service that is advantageous is : bad - good .
considering the systems that have been operational for one or two years , with what extent have you been successful in understanding the systems analysis and the man - hours devoted to these projects after their development phase ?
i believe that i have too few options and consider leaving this world .
' during my last visit to booksamillion . com i found all my visit interesting .
information i need is on the computer , but that requires special programming to sort it out .
standard representation schemes such an er diagrams and dfd are provided for design specifications .
to aid me with my ( accomplishment of work ) , overall , you feel ( system ) as system ( technology type ) is : easy to manipulate - difficult to manipulate
performance standards are established to monitor and control output
i intend not use mds in the future .
being able to get a real copy of a product would made it much more difficult / easier for me to purchase the product from this web vendor .
your firm using it sometime within the next 6 months would be : potentially harmful - helpful .
the level on service by online companies that use my private information is superior to any service from companies that do not use my personal information .
after browsing for a while i have no idea where would go next .
Performance on this task is dependent on receiving accurate information from others.
i was forced by this technology to work under very tight time schedules .
" in your private life , how important is personal steadiness and personal stability ?
i like your choice of products .
an external committee or group working for coordination ( e . e . , a steering committee ) .
product has no significant risk of warranty liabilities .
this training can help me in career advancement .
online companies make every reasonable effort to avoid unauthorized access to personal information stored in their databases .
We did not use the electronic meeting system in the most appropriate fashion.
in terms of job roles , and social responsibilities , there is a need to reduce some parts of improving my role .
in terms of job roles and roles , they feel overburdened in my role .
during my last visits to booksamillion . com i found the visit enjoyable .
pws members are not very visible in my organization .
I feel fine doing business on the Internet since Internet vendors generally fulfill their agreements.
There are many exceptions regarding the rules and procedures of this business process.
overall , this site worked very well here .
what percentage of applications are customized , i . e . , developed expressly to accurately manage interactions and flows of financial information between your organization and to this business or partner ?
users will feel safe in their own transactions with is ’ s employees
it is easy for me to become skillful enough at it using the crm system
once i started using ms excel , i used features that helped me perform calculations on my data .
Members of the team know that everyone on the team approaches their work with professionalism and dedication.
please rate your personal knowledge about client / server virtual computing .
available knowledge was of great help for developing software which would meet these requirements specifications .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: decision support systems
importance of activity three years from now : support existing portfolio for applications
application of digital database technology
Performance as a role model. (poor role model?excellent role model)
working on the web saves money .
i like to offer maximum range of quality product options .
The IS strategy is congruent with the corporate business strategy in your organization.
Member firms may be excluded from projects if they behave unacceptably.
my organization provides specific requirements that describe acceptable use of computer passwords .
how would you rate the information exchange with ( partner company ) the terms of the timeliness , compared with information exchanged with a similar partners ?
fairness to employees is built into which issues are handled within my work environment .
please indicate how historically important the following is knowledge or technical skills are in supporting the computing needs of your current company three years from now : ability to understand in the business environment
companies should have better procedures to correct correct errors in personal information .
i am confident that my credit card payments remain valid in case of disputed purchases from sellers in amazon ’ s auction house .
knowledge about the goals and objectives necessary of building the organization ( i . e . the entire corporate - wide business entity ) . ratings extremely low / extremely high .
guidance is available to me in the selection of hardware or software .
please evaluate carefully the level of knowledge of your own firm ' s senior is executive executives in your industry ’ s practices .
I signed off a formalized agreement of the work done by the Information Systems/Data Processing staff  [during system definition/during physical design/during implementation].
The methodology fails to take into account legal and environmental issues.
most , if definitely not all , the members of my team each felt mutually responsible for the other team ' s performance
please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed and in your organization : to encourage reuse of all the types of digital resources listed above : reusability as formal part of software integrated development approach
in the terms of the additional features of the web site that provide the additional information you need , using the web site made you … ( very dissatisfied / very not satisfied )
Metrics are recalibrated to reflect changes in the development process.
overall , i feel satisfied with the kind amount of hard work i do in this job .
the virtual workspace and repository used by the team allows me to first know rationale behind the decisions made by team leaders ; that decisions and rationale can be revisited later .
the technical competence of the of the support service people i originally expected low ; very high - very low .
In your job, how important would it be to you to have sufficient time for your personal or family life?
online companies make a reasonable effort to allow online customers access correct the personal information stored in their databases .
I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
is ’ s employees were well dressed and neat in appearance
we adopt these innovations early .
the companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information in all their files is accurate .
our process for strategic is what includes numerous participants .
the web site ' s performance , in general , is easy in navigate was … ( very poor / very good )
" i find the internet tv easy to use
why use titles to change the “ home ” position ?
Everyone on this team uses their own standards for coding.
the organization has standard practices to support its product integration and strategy for : developing and quickly integrating components , and delivering the product to all the customer before the cpc solution was deployed .
during my one last visit to booksamillion . com com i found my visit exciting .
my use of the system is limited .
how busy were you with each outcome of your team ’ s project ?
Use of a PC will increase the opportunity for more meaningful work.
generally give sellers the immediate benefit of the doubt .
It is important to maximize product value.
using this technology can increase my shopping effectiveness .
how knowledgeable is using the tmt about understanding the potential and the limitations of what “ next - generation ” is ?
very interesting work
there is a strong personal feeling deep in our is group that a common purpose exists .
My use of a PWS is voluntary (as opposed to required by my superiors or job description).
my use of all the system is voluntary .
how would you evaluate your company ' s performance in applying it to execute inbound logistics ?
changing to the new technical way of working with the nop system would help improve both the quality of the work i do than is working in the current way .
amazon . net is useful in shopping for cds .
sellers at amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions are not general honest .
how much information about delegation of tasks exists in your team ?
How closely did you follow its suggestions?
Using the Internet TV is useful for my communication and information search
i hope that the ratings & feedback generated in amazon ’ video auctions is reliable and dependable .
members of this group value the reputation that they gain by actively participating in open source projects .
final payment on time .
a response that fits well with the way i work is : ( good / good ) .
for this example , please circle the number which exactly matches a description of it when you interact with microcomputers : unoriginal
for example , being able to get equipment even if there is no one around and show me how to use it becomes : unimportant - important .
I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
how do you evaluate assessing your firm ' s operational performance in applying it to execute outbound logistics ?
Feeling secure that personal information is kept private would make it much more difficult/easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
Using DMS in my job will increase my productivity (e.g., make my work faster).
Companies should devote more time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal information.
paper art .
the output is presented in the useful format .
this website is really helpful for me to understand the performance characteristics of the product .
extent to which the business process interfaces linked with ( channel partner or company ) are similar to the process interfaces linked with other channel partners — differ in terms of rules and procedures .
the services provided by the site allow me to obtain the product
creating this web site would be a foolish idea .
a decrease in market share .
Most, if not all, the members of my team felt mutually responsible for the team's performance
some firms believe that the number of private firms in the network is limited for strategic reasons .
employees will never get too busy to respond to users ’ requests
based solely on the reports provided to you about using the web site , do you expect information on the web site to actually be easy to comprehend ?
To gather information about auto insurance policy coverage options.
i really am satisfied with the accuracy of the system .
to do my job effectively , i must hide any attraction i may feel with her .
in general , our mode of operations is far less risky than just that of our competitors .
how important is your compatibility with current hardware for your firm regarding the use of it in the next five years ?
i am going to not use the system in the next < & n > months .
in your case , how important would it be to you to develop a good working relationship with your direct supervisor ?
overall , our product development methodology helps to make users more satisfied on our systems .
maintaining open lines of communications with other departments .
processing of requests for file system changes
build up professional reputation
please indicate how important these following is , or skills needed in supporting the computing needs of your community now : ability to work cooperatively in a one - one - venture and project team environment
Using the CRC would be: unpleasant - pleasant.
i expect the layout of this particular website to be intuitive .
I am always challenging myself to learn new concepts
the web browser ’ s performance in providing information which is easy to read was … ( relatively poor / very good )
i would never hesitate to use that landlord / tenant information legaladvice . she supplied me .
using a pws is completely compatible only with my current situation .
Our systems development methodology helps in defining useful milestones for our systems development projects.
the success of the methodology is often greatly dependent on the team leader .
In terms of job roles and responsibilities, the amount of work I have to do interferes with the quality I want to maintain.
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying to it to and execute manufacturing / operations ?
working with this company has helped you better understand the diverse roles of channel players .
please indicate what frequency with which you construct data flow diagrams .
i would confidently act on the legal assistance advice i was given by legaladvice . . com .
always available - not necessarily available .
our organization have achieved the best performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner : improved production planning
i could do the job using my word processing system if i had only the software manuals for reference .
it [MASK] standards are ( unique in all or almost every of the business units … and across all and almost all of the business units )
companies should never share personal information with other companies until it has been provided by the individuals who provided that information .
entry into a new life .
The information provided during the DMS training session was informative.
firms find it easy to actively work closely with other network members because they are flexible and willing to adapt .
and how extent does the ess enable you to support your actions ?
the expectations that i have about my website were correct .
my work environment allows me to improve my overall work environment performance .
The output plans are not flexible enough to take into account unanticipated changes in the organization and its environment.
in my workplace , sound practices exist that help me ensure fair and unbiased treatment practices of all my team members .
supplier will invest in appropriate equipment specifically for your requirements .
i would be with this company five years from now .
the tools provided by the site help me as your customer with ongoing usage .
how do we evaluate your firm ’ s performance in using it to support creating new goods / services ?
i am worried over who will have access to my credit cards number .
The training increased my intention to master Excel.
and am very much interested in taking this training class .
how often do members disagree about who does do what ?
i am able to arrange a place to stay at her residence / home without distractions
i seldom consider switching to the website
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , do you require information about the web site to be easy for read ?
to what extent does the ess enable you all to reinforce your own beliefs ?
compared to your competitors , how does your business organization rate based on the productivity of software developers for their current product lines ?
Evaluate the typical number of new product design features after the CPC solution was deployed.
overall cost - effectiveness effectiveness of information systems
being within my budget , would only make it much more difficult / easier not for me to purchase this product from this web vendor .
ceo ' s knowledge development of it opportunities in the firm
our systems development methodology helps to improve some functionality of new applications .
the exchange maintains data at such an extremely appropriate level of detail for my purposes .
there are constant changes in computer hardware in all our organization .
it often is pleasant to see the most provided information on each screen in this site .
I think people generally try to back up their words with their actions.
a specific person ( small group ) is available for assistance with learning difficulties .
i wanted to continue using this system to justify my decisions .
" i believe such a large web tool would provide more objective recommendations than an agent .
our systems development methodology helps to get the model accepted .
to what extent do you agree with the action taken in the report ?
and how knowledgeable are you on using computers ?
a system software platform used for the software .
i also can always rely solely on legaladvice . com in a tough legal situation .
i evaluated the information requirements analysis conducted by information systems / data processing .
when i talk about our community , i usually say “ we ” rather than “ it ” .
my family thinks that i should use the internet . tv
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: operating systems: micros
relative to other comparable is [MASK] projects , how did your most - recently completed project rate on adherence to course schedules ?
emphasizing productivity of output
but how knowledgeable is the top level management team about potential and limitation of current it ?
how often have i you participated both in and / or led in managing information systems projects ?
in the past 3 months , how often , did difficult problems arise in your work for which there were no more immediate or apparent effective methods for dealing quickly with the problems ?
Security management: exclusively internal-exclusively external
The degree of understanding I have about the system
legaladvice . com is truthful in all its dealings with the me .
please rate the effectiveness measures by which your new product development work unit uses the sufficiency requirements of information technology tools ( e . , g . , smart knowledge networks ) for locating relevant technology expertise .
Anyone on this team can change existing code at any time.
using the internet tv improves my performance both for communication and information search
to further aid me in my ( successful accomplishment of tasks ) , and overall , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : performance enhancing - - performance degrading
their best practices are systematically institutionalized .
the tools provided by the web site help me better figure out all my product requirements .
the extent with which this community helps you to generate ideas .
i am concerned mostly about threats to my personal privacy today .
if our organization required help , this business partner must try their best to provide assistance
I am sometimes frustrated by increasing automation in my home.
if i had no challenging legal problem , he would want to check legaladvice . com again . *
i intend not to use the crc this term .
Evaluate the frequency of collaborative interactions related to product design and development after the CPC solution was deployed.
importance of activity now : identifying existing and new business applications
Application of modern database technology
using a pws is compatible with all aspects possible of my work .
how can you determine your firm ’ s performance in applying it to execute customer services ?
the extent to which this community helps you to know how to do it .
where necessary , members of this team try to simplify the existing code without changing its core functionality .
just using this website can increase my shopping productivity .
the system software was platform used for the software .
the virtual workspace or repository used often by the team enabled me [MASK] to be informed when the knowledge in repository changes .
importance and activity now : manage / develop corporate is strategies , strategic applications , technology architecture
all books published .
Shopping from X is an efficient way to manage my time
typically the information is presented in a timely manner .
there would not be enough computers for everyone to have in the crc .
i would certainly have difficulty explaining why using a pws may or may may not be beneficial .
it is often pleasant to follow the overall flow .
i feel delighted in the information system .
with respect of the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please note an extent by which you agree or disagree with the following statements : a vendor team is a capable and capable provider of is outsourcing services .
My interaction with this web site is clear and understandable.
estimates the contract scope accurately ( i . a . , not underbid - overbid ) .
how many of your tasks are not the same from day to day ?
i just feel as if this organization ’ s problems are our own .
in my view , how important would it be to you to be consulted by your direct superior in his / her duties ?
" what is your general knowledge of outsourcing ?
I am able to plan my schoolwork
the institute of computer services staff
in learning situations , i tend to set fairly challenging problems for myself
To no man will we sell, or deny, or delay right or justice.
members of this community believe , with enough volunteers working on a project , any bug can be quickly found and fixed .
is the users individual attention
How important is the number of additional employees needed  for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months?
for me , being able not to use equipment , even if there is no one around enough to show me how important to use it is : unimportant - important .
next possible time i need someone to shop around for a pda as a gift for a friend , i would like to use a website with characteristics similar to those of the this website .
the decision i reached for the appraisal board was a good thing .
i intent to use - - - as a routine part of my schedule over the past year .
In the case of any problem, I think the online store will give me prompt service.
i am flexible when i interact with in the world - wide web
changing from the new way of working in a nop system to improve the quality of the work i do than working in the current way .
i was permitted to use a pws system on a trial time basis long enough to see what good it could do .
are there effective quality assurance processes planned for this program ?
Firms believe that the number of firms in the network is limited for strategic reasons.
team members know what task - related cognitive skills and knowledge they each may possess .
our systems development methodology helps to develop more usable operating systems .
the web site ’ s performance value in providing information that is trustworthy was not … ( very poor / very poor good )
the information in the website is pretty clear what i need to carry out my tasks .
i plan to continue using the internet tv service during the next three months
the quality of information availability i originally had expected was ; very very low - very high .
given the track records of the team members , we could see no reason to doubt each of other ' s competence and preparation for such a job .
it is important to maximize their value .
our company relies heavily on is for its efficient operation .
i believe such an web site would provide more objective recommendations than an agent .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company for now : ability to focus on computing technology use as a means , but not an end
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is in general , understandable for you in making sure your purchase decision , was … ( very very poor / very very good )
i intend to try using this system in plan or follow - up on my tasks .
fairness to employees is built into how issues are handled in both my work and environment .
how precisely do all these rules and procedures specify exactly how your major tasks are to be done ?
i was aware now of the progress of all my learning with respect to my goals for this session
processes used for automatically identifying it and recruiting it talent are ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across all or almost almost all of the business training units )
the methodology requires too much top level management involvement .
there is a great deal of variety involved in the problems , the issues , or questions for which i need the data in my work .
do you refer to users and their review of the detailed design reveals where benefits are designed into their systems ?
distorted ? not accurate ?
how knowledgeable are you about it for business people to contact outside your organization as sources of advice about it ?
our main competitors who have adopted enterprise and resource management planning have greatly benefitted .
efficient clean running of current systems ( operating costs , ease of use , documentation , maintenance )
How likely are you, within the next three years to  refuse to purchase a product because you disagree with the way a company uses personal information?
Shopping online helps me accomplish tasks more quickly.
A service that is of no benefit to me is: (bad/good).
" the crm system enables me to work in the way i prefer
how will you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to support entering new businesses ?
" we have increased control of it expenses .
When I was using MS Excel, I used features that helped me compare and contrast aspects of the data.
compared with its competitors , how does your organization rate on growth rate ?
the following questions ask you how you really would characterize yourself when you could use computers : spontaneous
it has a significant risk of warranty liabilities .
it is easy for my staff and i to become skillful at using the exact card game .
please indicate how important all the following information is knowledge you or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : telecommunications
i like to have maximum range of high quality product options .
i believe that my organization monitors any modification nor alteration of computerized data by employees .
a pws was available for me to adequately test my various applications .
currency ( up - to - dateness ) of the output information
during my last visit to booksamillion . com , i was quite absorbed intensely in the activity .
the implementation team ' s relationship to the staff of your agency
i would be better able to use the crc .
i am able to remember information presented in class and in textbooks
the sellers in amazon ’ ' s / ebay ’ s auctions are in general trustworthy .
examples of outputs that can be generated
this web vendor would become helpful in providing objective information about this product .
our organization team has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with with this business partner : improved resource access control
my work environment allows me time to get help from coworkers , when needed .
i could expect that mds technology would be available to use whenever i need it .
i think that other people know my reputation ( reputation ) when they interact with me .
then the computer consultant at architects unlimited comes in to know about the software . the computer consultant wants to keep a copy of the software at the lab so that any employee at the company can copy it and use the existing software . doug and watson lets the consultant make a copy out of the software .
i feel that people are very reliable .
how important is the number of additional employees needed for your firm regarding your use of it in the last 6 years ?
Working with partner company has led your company to analyze and redesign processes linked to channel partners to improve the performance of the channel on the whole.
please note how valuable the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the core needs of your company now : systems integration
data are collected only once can be retrieved by most applications of our customers
they socialize with the tmt members ( i . t . , social gatherings , golf , tennis , etc . )
Importance of activity three years from now: develop databases
i am charged with buying products from this site .
Our main competitors who have adopted  enterprise resource planning have greatly benefitted.
the web site ’ ' s average performance in providing information that is in general , reliable for making your purchase decision was : … ( much : lower than you originally thought / much higher than you thought )
dr . x encourages a cooperative working group environment .
established standards and practices could become relied upon to develop software that would meet these requirements specifications .
i also regularly focus on specific information contained in the ess .
i often become confused when i use the voice mail system
you like the ease of comparison shopping .
printing in the crc will be much too expensive .
i was absorbed intensely – not absorbed so intensely .
completeness of training provided to students .
the web site ' s performance in providing information that is in general , reliable for making your own decisions was … ( extremely poor / very good )
how clear were the benefits from the program ? is there significant additional work needed to achieve such ( needed disclosure of ) benefits ?
i strongly believe my own credit card company will protect me in case of problematic transactions with sellers in amazon prime ’ s auction marketplace .
your chosen asset ’ s downswings and upswings ( 1 = have become far more predictable ; 4 = no changes ; 7 = have become much less stable ) .
companies should never share personal information with other such companies unless it has been personally authorized by the individuals who provided us the information .
performance standards have been established for software design
i would be ( much more / much less ) able to use [ my spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator for an assignment because of differences in the resources , opportunities and time it takes for run any one .
Using a PWS is compatible with all aspects of my work.
do you think that systems are developed as they are developed for review and control , rather than after they are implemented ?
the social level of participation in sisp supported by diverse interests of the organization is high .
supplier will be able of meet your jit ( just in time ) inventory requirements .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is easy to comprehend was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
" i designed the user training program for this system .
the provision of the training courses i experienced was ; very low - very very high .
i had full responsibility for the development process [ from system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
The task of selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor took too much time
in your experience , how frequently are subordinates afraid not to openly express disagreement with their superiors ?
range of outputs that can be efficiently generated .
please rate the method by which your new product development research unit encourages the creating of knowledge communities ( e . g . , online discussion forums ) focused on new ideas and products .
completeness of output ;
the methodology lacks robust computer support .
the team is addressing questions which have never been asked in quite this form before .
importance of activity three years to now : implement system evaluation processes
i try to use this website online whenever i need to make a purchase
the virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily allow different minded people to easily find summaries as well as other details found in the repository .
members of this group place a great value on technical knowledge .
compared to all your competitors , how does your organization rate on return on its assets ?
standard representation schemes such as er diagrams , and dfd are used for design and specifications .
i pay attention to others ’ online or offline , in this country .
what is your general knowledge by e - mail ?
how likely is it that your firm has support of employees that could easily enable your firm employees to use it in over the next 6 months ?
a software consultant at architects unlimited comes to information about the software . the consultant wants to keep a copy of the software at his lab so that any user at the lab can copy and install the software . doug watson lets the consultant make a copy of the software .
i intend not continue using the internet tv , viewing , browsing , or searching during the next three months
it would be easy for me to become skillful at tasks i learned from a computerized training computer program
the business procedures , and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with the ones of all our channel partners
overall cost - effectiveness of information .
Our firm has automated the ordering process for production goods (raw materials).
That it will produce resistance among employees.
my organization has specific guidelines that govern what employees are allowed to do on the computers .
please rate his personal knowledge about digital data interchange ( edi ) .
I think that other people search the archive to find out more about me.
on average , please also indicate to the greatest extent to which , and the percent of which , documentation consists of reused components .
i ' m more concerned that companies are collecting too much personal information about hiring me .
our systems development methodology is to develop more reliable systems .
our firm experiences a frequent daily over - stocking or under - stocking of production goods .
the general , sellers in amazon fine books / ebay ’ s auctions have had the most important contractual obligations to me during our transactions . ( reverse )
frequently , this need for information arises on an irregular basis and is not predictable in advance .
Importance of activity now: implement data management procedures
Trainer acted as an advisor.
i feel that the amount of work i can do interferes with just how well it is done .
The attitude of the support service people I experienced was; very low-very high.
this time .
overall , how much personal influence did you make on this system ?
in the case of any problem , they think the online store would give me prompt service .
friendly ? close ?
overall , groups who work with find [ would find ] and electronic meeting system easy for use .
i am anxious and concerned with the pace of automation of the world .
i believe that this vendor would act in my own best interest .
I expect this website to help me carefully evaluate this product.
Our main competitors who have adopted  enterprise resource planning  are favorably perceived by others in the same industry.
it also pertains to the usage of required documentation provided by its clients in this outsourcing approach . please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client provides feedback from the supplier team on the extent with which the vendor team meets the client requirements as specified in the requirement documentation .
In your job, how important would it be to you to have security of employment?
" the entire customer service team at the online store will address any concerns that i have .
I frequently deal with ill-defined business problems.
project executives at times must only make decisions that seem to be against the interests , of their project managers . if this were to happen to involve you in this project , how much much trust did you have that the project executive ’ s own decision making was not justified by other considerations ?
in my personal opinion , using the site increased my shopping effectiveness .
i may be willing to provide credit card information on the legaladvice . org official site .
importance of why , for what reason , the company is collecting info on me .
the bills on dp operating costs are understandable .
and how likely is it that your own firm has training it would take to actually get your current employees " up to speed " that could actually enable your firm to use up it in the next 6 months ?
before deciding whether to use any pws systems , i am able to properly try them out .
and please evaluate the degree of environmental environmental turbulence that your npd work unit faces in your own product - market area : there are many competitors operating in this market .
external customer data processing service - providers would have to all be closely and constantly monitored to ensure that they adhere to our contractual terms and operational conditions
Using the CRC is entirely within my control.
for increased productivity .
our knowledge about all of our channel partners , competitors , competitors etc . , is shared directly with our other channel partners
the degree that internet usage has been supported by support from suppliers
what is your general knowledge about personal computer ?
Using the CRM system is a new business experience for me
we rate the revenue from your new product development work unit in the following activities relative with your major competitors : we can successfully exploit internal or external information and knowledge into concrete applications .
our current systems development methodology forms a useful standard for our systems development .
- - - effectively combines raw data from different areas of the company .
the quality range of system functionality i originally had expected was ; very low - very high .
my teammates and i help every other better than most other teams on whom i have worked .
i am likely to purchase all the products ( s ) available on this site .
if the customer required help , the internet vendors would do their best to help .
processes used in formulating it strategy are ( unique in all or almost every of the business unit … common across all or nearly all of the business units )
the web site answers my curiosity .
my social interactions during shopping online were clear and understandable .
best things considered , using the internet browser is … extremely bad / extremely good
how would you rate the actual overall risk level of carrying out transactions using this exchange ?
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This activity cannot be readily duplicated by other organizations.
i feel a sense of pride even in doing my job .
i am most concerned about unauthorized use of my credit card .
it is not easy to detach this business process from our other operations .
I would find it more convenient to file a claim on the web than through an agent.
are you satisfied with the accuracy of the international student information system ?
with respect to any vendor team in this outsourcing process , please state the extent to which you agree or disagree with these following statements : this is the trustworthy vendor .
I can have PWS applications for long enough periods to try them out.
when i was finished using ms excel , i felt completely absorbed in what exactly i was doing .
right now , to what extent do you ever feel distressed ?
learning to fully operate the exact card system was easy for me and my support staff .
work on professionally important development projects
it provides accurate and effective answers to the customers ’ inquiries ( q & a ) .
The system is accurate.
only my staff and i would have no difficulty telling others about our experience of using the exact card system .
the physical facilities will be visually appealing
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to execute inbound logistics?
I can easily operate the Internet TV on my own
do city departments have indicators of performance in achieving the objectives of city programs ?
i really am able to study even when there are other more interesting things to do
i expect your list of hyperlinks in this website to be clear .
after measures are implemented , are major reprogramming efforts necessary to improve energy efficiency ?
using the crm system will improve my job and performance
The enthusiasm of X’s Internet site is catching; it picks me up
members of this group think maybe it is wrong to fork a river .
Pragmatic, not dogmatic in matters of ethics
the content of the auction listing statement is accurate
i believe strongly that i have too few options to seriously consider leaving this organization .
given my teammates previous stellar performance , i see no reason to seriously doubt their competence and preparation for another team - task
supplier that develops new business products critical to your success .
please rate the effectiveness rating of your npd work unit in managing the following three activities relative to your major competitors : we all are effective in implementing new product ideas .
in general , my need to obtain certain information or services over the internet is more that my concern about privacy .
an external data data processing service - provider would also be able to reduce our information systems personnel costs
please indicate the ease with which the following mechanisms have already developed in your organization to encourage reuse of various types of resources listed above : a system for creating reusable resources
Works as a team with you (customer).
in general , i feel satisfied with my new job .
it does not take a long time to load to the front - page of the site .
IS-Manager Knowledge: How informed is your IS management team about business strategies of each unit?
on this team , we do our software development using pairs and hands .
sensation feeling ( 2009 )
is employees given the knowledge to do their job well
the virtual workspace or repository used by this team enabled it to easily allow different people to find summaries as well as scenarios in the game .
team members participate on project planning .
how likely are you , within this next three weeks to refuse to give information to a bank or company if you think it is too personal ?
integrated processes exist to ensure that product life - cycle processes are identified and planned concurrently with product design before even the first cpc solution was deployed .
social competitiveness .
our business partner performs all of their services very well
the following questions ask you how one would characterize yourself after you use computers : unoriginal
please see the performance of amazon ’ s retail sites on average on fulfilling these goals : high - quality products .
we already use the internet for procurement related purposes .
for me , getting valuable information about a product on your website is .
many tools provided by the site help me with the use of my product .
the system is not compatible with other systems i can use .
When you begin a task, how often do you know what external information will be required to complete the task?
identifying it - related opportunities to support the strategic plan of a firm .
information i need is on the computer , but it requires some special computer programming to get it out .
we tend to be number - wise and analytical in our operations .
the quality of information relevance i experienced was ; very good - very low .
i have the human and technological resources necessary to use this system .
knowledge gained about the environmental constraints that the organization operates within ( e . g . government regulation , international supplier relationships , competition , etc . ) . extremely low low / extremely high high .
there is a great deal of variety in all the problems , issues , or questions for solving which i need data in my own work .
quality measures like error rate and scrap rate are often used as the the basis used for rewards for information systems personnel .
employees will be consistently courteous even with users
when people have failed in everyday life it is often their own fault .
shopping online helps help me accomplish tasks more quickly .
computers are a real danger to privacy in this country .
my work environment allows me to improve my own overall work performance .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development and work unit , in the following activities relative to all your major competitors : we have adequate routines to analyze the information and the knowledge obtained .
the tools offered by this site make it easy for me to find an internet store to obtain the product .
management project management
the enthusiasm of x ’ s former internet site mate is catching ; it picks me up
i do know exactly what is expected of me .
how likely are you , within the next three years , to take legal action , to have your name removed from direct - mail lists for catalogs , products , and services ?
with respect to the vendor client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to to which you agree or disagree with the following general statements : if only the client team required help , the vendor team involved would do its best to provide help .
I find that people respond to my private messages quickly.
our is enable us to develop detailed analyses of our current economic situation .
generally speaking , they want to know what my friends think i should do .
this is a sense of personalness in the website .
not meaningless ? meaningful ?
I wish I had more time to do things for the family.
to what extent can today we measure the projected outcomes of benefits ?
In terms of job roles and responsibilities, my work load is too heavy.
How would you describe your group’s problem solving process? fair/unfair
Volume requirements for our production goods are predictable.
delete a . wk1 file from a floppy disk or hard disk drive ?
supervisor - subordinate staff relations
any information information that is credible is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
companies releasing information online should disclose the way the data are collected , processed , and stored .
what important is the opposition of employees for your decisions regarding the use of it in the next six months ?
companies should contribute more time & effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal information .
Our IS support effective coordination across functions (e.g., marketing, manufacturing) and product lines.
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is in general , reliable . for users making your own purchase decision was … ( very poor / not very good )
for me , getting product information easily from a source is .
i find that people respond eagerly to my posts quickly .
using the system in my job class increases my productivity .
transfers knowledge to your ( / customer ’ s ) staff .
electronic mail enables me to complete tasks more quickly
based on the daily reports provided to you about the web web site , do you expect ? that the web site in general , provides good access ?
user ' s s participation
dr . x is friendly and easy enough to approach .
team schedules are determined in consultation with team members .
i would certainly find it more convenient to educate myself about auto insurance policy coverages more by simply reading from the web site than by directly asking questions of an agent .
knowledge of performance of the job
is - profitability ( from chargeouts for services as a call center )
Completeness of output information
in general , information that covers a broad scope for your purchase decision , is … ( not very important at - all / extremely important )
How often do members disagree about who should do what?
its website is visually pleasing .
the document is presented in a timely manner .
these is units and be dependable
Decision making in our IS group tends to occur in a decentralized manner.
I am forced by this technology to do more work than I can handle.
easy to .
overall , this site worked very well and technically .
i could complete exactly the same job using a software package if i had used similar packages before this one , to do the same job .
understanding the dispersion of data , applications , and other technologies in a firm .
and in all , i am satisfied with my job
It enabled us to make decisions more quickly.
What is your general knowledge of Enterprise Resource Planning?
There are many sites where this product is available.
I regularly focus on specific information contained in the ESS.
It provides thorough protection, preventing any invasion from intruders.
best efforts are systematically institutionalized .
our systems development methodology helps to estimate the system risks .
our organization uses custom built or customized , rather than canned or generic , applications to facilitate information exchange with each partner
For me, getting product information easily from a website is.
my work - environment allows me to work efficiently .
to what extent did you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project manager was : incomplete - ;
How many written rules and procedures exist for doing your major tasks?
by establishing a uniform basis for prioritizing projects .
increasing the proportion of is department ’ s effort expended is in : creating new systems
these tools provided by this site help me replace my product if i need another product .
We face opposition from department heads.
compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate based on ability to charge competitive prices for software than for current product - lines ?
my group ’ s use of the term was consistent with the goals or attitudes that systems aims [ aimed ] to promote .
evaluate product quality based on the relative number of ecos after the cpc solution line was deployed .
if our organization required help , your business partner would do their utmost to provide assistance
how would you rate the personal information being exchanged with ( partner company ) in terms of its relevancy to your business and needs , compared favorably with information exchanged with other similar partners ?
The software in the CRC is not compatible with the software I use.
What is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in keeping news about the team secret from others in the company until the appropriate time?
seeing the virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily easily know who contributed a piece of their knowledge to the team repository .
please indicate how appropriate that following is knowledge or skills are for supporting all computing needs of your company three years from now : structured programming / case methods or tools
it really was a challenging process .
Using an EMS enables [would enable] groups I normally work with to accomplish their tasks more quickly.
our own systems development methodology helps to improve the functionality of new applications .
Our organization would characterize this business partner as being honest
we am concerned if a person can find private information about me on the internet .
we run many unit tests on newly coded modules until finally they run flawlessly .
I am likely to recommend this site to my friends.
it was convenient to make claims when there are problems in delivering delivered goods and services .
In general, people really do care about the well-being of others.
dr . x . is capable of balancing between administrative duties and research .
please rate your personal knowledge about object - database .
i can save money just by using this website .
Information provided in this site is consistent throughout.
the tools provided by on the site help me find an online merchant service for the product .
The latest information related to goods and services is adequately provided.
If anyone wants to change a piece of code, they need the permission of the individual(s) that coded it.
Assuming I had access to the system, I intend to use the virtual advisor
what percentage of applications were customized , i . e . , developed expressly to manage interactions and flows of information between the client and this business model ?
my supervisor here does not require me to use the system .
data that would be useful to me is unavailable because i do indeed have the appropriate authorization .
given the resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes . use the system , it would be easy for me by use the computer .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is easy to comprehend was … (very poor/very good)
the team has a good “ and map ” of each others ' unique talents and skills .
in contrast , most internet vendors are competent at serving their customers .
before considering whether to use any pws applications , i am able to properly try them out .
using software and electronic meeting system enables [ would enable ] the groups i normally work together with to accomplish the tasks more quickly .
for me , a telephone service having equipment that obviously is compatible with other electrical equipment i use is : unimportant - important .
that it will reduce national security of important information .
using the internet tv is not pleasant
Improved access to information.
We optimize coordination across our departments and/or product lines.
i believe that a pws is cumbersome not to use .
top - management is actively being involved in strategic is planning .
sometimes using a pws increases my productivity .
when asked i was using ms excel , i always felt completely absorbed in what i was doing .
board members participate in project planning .
sisp output fails to designate specific new steering committee committees .
with respect to involving the vendor management team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to which either you agree with or disagree with the two following guidance statements : the vendor team is a capable and proficient provider of is outsourcing services .
how informed are you about the it strategies used in your business unit ?
our banking software portfolio is less sophisticated and complex then those of peer banks
firms find it easy to voice their opinions in network decision - making .
the www is of use to me .
constrained ? or free ?
All the personal information in computer databases should be double-checked for accuracy—no matter how much this costs.
i don ' t t even really have adequate opportunities to try out different things on the pws .
it bothers me to reveal personal information to so many people .
in this first session i will exert considerable effort again in learning the material on frontpage
IS department profitability (from chargeouts for services as a profit center)
Overall, how do you feel about the website that you identified: terrible - delighted.
have you acted on the content of my e - mail ?
i just am confident that it will work out well .
How much would information systems people/group approve of your firm using IT in the next 6 months?
team building and team dynamics training are given to is personnel .
i would find it more convenient a file a claim onto the web than through an agent .
for me , purchasing products easily from even a web vendor is important .
i like to drive as little as is possible to shop .
we can easily assess the performance of our business , independent of the performance of our other processes .
Network management: exclusively internal-exclusively external
improved product quality based on the number of ecos . the cpc solution was deployed .
importance of activity now : to train and educate end users
a term that is difficult to learn is : bad - good .
to what extent are people able to use the internet to get information from sites that require you to submit accurate and identifiable registration documents , possibly or financial rating information ( e . g . , using sites that provide personalized stock prices , insurance rates , or loan rates ; or using sexual or gambling websites ) ?
we and [ vendor name ] are generally skeptical of the information presented by each other
there will be also a noticeable lack of confidence among those i you will work with .
tangible rewards given to the team , are ( or will be ) dependent on , whether individuals on board the team work on their own , and without much direction from the others .
user - oriented systems analysts who know about user operations
i use the ess system to look up numbers i need .
is has operating hours convenient to most its users
how often is all the external information that you have on hand at the beginning of a task adequate to help complete in the task ?
i am able to help plan my schoolwork
please rate the effectiveness of your new company / work unit in its regularity of appraising competitors and their products — both potential and potential competitors to your major competitors .
information systems / data processing staff drew up a formalized agreement of the technical work going to then be done [ during the system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
- - - produces the most important current information .
I will purchase the product the next time I need a sports watch.
create and edit formulas that do not change when formulas are copied ?
i am forced here by this technology to do more work than anything i can handle .
Evaluate the openness to share product design information during collaborative interactions related to product development after the CPC solution was deployed.
Supplier that is absolutely trustworthy.
it hardware standards are ( unique in all or almost all all of the business units ) … but common across ( all or almost all of the business units )
I am comfortable letting other team members take responsibility for tasks which are critical to the project, even when I cannot monitor them.
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills which are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years away from now : distributed data processing
the model fails to take into account organizational goals and strategies .
this section pertains towards the situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : client team members influence individual tasks or activities of a client team during unscheduled or informal interactions within an office .
how would you characterize the advantages of using the data exchange offered by a vendor to draw out purchasing transactions ? opportunities for gain - potential for loss .
in your case , what important would it be to you to have sufficient resources for your personal or family life ?
using a pws makes it easier to do the job .
I know more about using the Web than most users.
Online shopping gives me a wider choice of different stores compared to conventional stores.
Interacting with the electronic mail system requires a lot of my mental effort
Your firm’s present and future products, markets, business strategies, and business
dr . x : low tolerance of conflict .
In general, I am hesitant to try out new information technologies
it usually bothers me when companies ask on me for personal information
please review the performance of your new product development work unit relative to your top competitors in major competitions in products as a whole .
the training increased my intention to further excel .
data dictionaries or data directories are useful to me in locating or understanding the meaning for corporate or corporate entities .
we have increased access to our personnel .
the same data i enter on the form are the only ones being received by the vendor .
data are needed only once to be retrieved from most applications of our customers
easy to ever learn
Revised my own writing.
I am concerned about shipping errors.
for computing , a social site that is user - friendly is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
significant weight must be placed upon timely project completion .
the social networks that you access
cost of successfully maintaining software over lifetime .
importance of activity data now : integrate data types ( e . g . , video , and voice )
our is group dedicates a considerable amount out of its resources of planning its efforts .
i did not even have to expend very much effort trying to try out the pws .
projects that usually overrun budgeted costs
my staff and i made it easy for get the exact card system to do what we need it to do .
overall , members of our community agreed regarding how we could use the electronic meeting system for our work .
the tools provided by the site will help me to find an online merchant for the product .
employees find no ambiguity in executing in this business process .
The organization has standard practices to support its product integration strategy for developing and integrating components, and delivering the product to the customer after the CPC solution was deployed.
information which contains a number of important subjects is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
the web site ’ s performance in providing information , is in general , useful in a purchase decision was … ( very good / not good )
is it necessary to redesign and / or or re - program projects completely within the two years of the time they become operational ?
on average , please note the extent to which , and the percent of which , software also consists on reused components .
please rate the effectiveness behind your new product development work unit using the following activities relative to your major competitors : we have effective means to identify , share , or import new information and knowledge .
Evaluate the average time it takes to communicate design changes related to product development after the CPC solution was deployed.
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be easy to read?
there is very little trial - and - error in our own strategic decision process .
The appearance of the physical facilities of these IS units will be in keeping with the kind of services provided
Members of this team feel comfortable changing any part of the existing code at any time.
what about your general knowledge of groupware ?
using the same exact card system is compatible with all aspects of my business - ’ sales transactions .
next time i need to shop for a sports video watch as a gift or for a friend , i would like to use a website with some characteristics similar to only those of this website .
volume and output information provided by the system
the data is accurate .
there is a strong sense of human warmth in the website .
The senior management of this business unit has been helpful in introducing PCs.
maybe this training will help me in career advancement .
Member firms have benefited from the skills/expertise of other members.
groups i would with find [ would then find ] their interaction with an ems clear enough and understandable .
strategic goals for entering into the it outsourcing business relationships are ( unique in that all or almost completely all of the business units … common across all or almost all of the various business units )
in your job , how important ... would it it be to you to have good physical working conditions ?
Intuition Thinking (NT)
enhanced ability to read .
in general , information that actually is understandable for you in making purchase decision is … ( ) not very important at all / extremely important )
the one providing her dms training appeared to be an expert on this topic .
people whose opinions i have would prefer me to use mds .
our systems development methodology helps to develop more complex systems .
what is our general knowledge of prototyping ?
replaces any leaving out customer staff with someone more qualified or with equivalent technical expertise .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to execute marketing?
i would trust the recommendation of such web sites more than any advice of an agent in regard to the appropriate level of support for my needs .
i am satisfied with my own work environment .
for these is units will be dependable
The performance of the Web site that is well organized was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
this business partner is interesting in our organization ’ and well being - not just its own
my teammates and me help each other better than most other sports on which i have worked .
volume requirements for our mass production goods are predictable .
please rate of the effectiveness of your npd work unit in the two following activities relative to your major competitors : " we are quick to discuss the changes in our customers ’ product preferences .
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This activity is synergistic with other capabilities of our organization.
the project manager goes out of his or her way to consult with the team members or to seek their ideas for advice .
please rate the effectiveness of your npd pricing unit in a following table relative to your major competitors : we are quick to respond to the changes in our existing ’ pricing structures .
this business partner is interesting in our little organization ’ s well being and perhaps not just its own
many other members of the group don ' t seem to respect his contributions .
to what extent do you know that the response you received with your project executive was : not credible - credible
you evaluate the level of knowledge of the firm ' s who is executive in your industry ’ s practices .
installment loan systems : exclusively internal - - exclusively external
through our relationship with ( partner company ) , we share information with each other that is easily accessible from other sources .
the information on the website is actually pretty much what i need to carry all out my tasks .
timeliness of history .
actually , i like the idea of using dms for my job .
relative to other comparable is [MASK] , what did your most recently completed project rate on effectiveness during interactions with consultants ?
most likely are you , within the next three years to : take action to have your name removed in direct mail messages for catalogs , products , or services .
This website provides me with product reviews by other users.
i feel burned out by my work .
a reduction in production - goods procurement costs .
that change will increase the speed with which we get things done .
Gives necessary approval for payment at predefined milestones.
to me , insurance is the most important thing to keep my privacy intact from insurance companies .
How knowledgeable is the TMT about the potential and the limitations of “next-generation” IS?
the scanning of the ess is wide - ranging .
because the contractors were previously part of the client organization , i allow the contractors to perform their job very reliably against other contractors .
most internet vendors are interested in customer well - being , and not just their very own wellbeing .
information that covers a wide range is … ( not important at all / is extremely not important )
the reputation of a member firm would be damaged even if they had behaved unacceptably .
i am anxious and concerned about accelerating the pace of automation in the modern world .
and no man will we sell , or deny , or deny right or justice .
people whose opinions i actually value would prefer me to use mds .
while still using the web site i found my visit interesting .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s overall performance in applying it effectively to support creating new products / new services ?
gender identity
these books do not count at all .
i feel confident using the computer to learn about and apply new concepts
We have (or expect to have) frequent interactions with the vendor (offshore subsidiary) in day-to-day operations of this business process.
using my mail improves the quality of the work i do
does the student information retrieval system provide sufficient information to enable you how to do your tasks ?
when an extremely important , legal issue or business problem arises , i would feel comfortable depending on the information provided by legaladvice . com .
In relation to other project design teams you have been a member of or observed, how does your design team rate on your ability to meet the goals of the project?
avoiding the overlapping development of major roads .
Training or educating trading partner(s).
training would be easy for me and become skillful at tasks learned from a computerized training program
for me , being able to use equipment , even if there is absolutely no one else around to show me exactly how to use it is : ( unimportant / important ) .
I need to consult the user manual often when using electronic mail
Importance of activity three years from now: implement new or changed computer- supported business processes
for this adjective , please circle the number which best gives a description of them when you interact with microcomputers : creative
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the effectively tracking rapidly changing information to update project deliverables in real time in the New Product Development process.
Were you the leader of the project team?
i had the opportunity now to mentally practice the demonstrated computer operations .
Please evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that your NPD work unit faces in your product-market area: Marketing practices in our product area are constantly changing.
enhanced ability to actively compete .
Based on my own knowledge, skills and abilities, changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would be easy for me.
i believe that my organization monitors computing industry activities to ensure adequately that employees are performing only explicitly authorized tasks .
i believe strongly that employee computing activities are monitored by my organization .
the needs and preferences of your customers in your own industry ( 1 = have become far more stable and predictable ; 4 = no innovation ; 5 = have become much harder than forecast ) .
and i believe that this website vendor has my best interests in mind .
i have seen what others can do using their pws .
rules and procedures exist to deal with problems that exist between members .
The planning horizon considered by the methodology is inappropriate.
our organization fosters a good relationship between it developers and it users .
becoming knowledgeable about web purchasing would make it far less difficult / impossible for me to purchase this product from this web vendor .
On this team we can talk freely with each other about difficulties we are having and know that others will want to listen.
we feel honored that amazon ’ s ratings & feedback mechanism gives accurate information about digital auction sellers ’ reputation .
completeness of the reports .
this core application is well integrated with other applications ( e . g . , inventory , logistics , manufacturing ) .
Online companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information.
in general , creating a good web site that provides good access is … ( not important at all / extremely not important )
i intend to continue using this system to service customers .
identifying it - related opportunities to growth and strategic direction of the firm .
user satisfaction becomes an important factor in determining rewards to information systems personnel .
policies and procedures we greatly influence influence the process of sisp within our firm .
i am able now to change to the new best way - of working with the nop system reasonably well on my own .
i am not sure i can trust this auction seller to deliver the auction house product
as well did the contractors get what they promised in terms for meeting deadlines specified in the sla ?
this business partner is sincere , genuine
companies should never share personal information with other companies unless it had been authorized by the individuals who share that information .
in your job , how important might that be to you to have security of employment ?
how do you determine your firm ' re effectiveness in applying it to support providing value - added services ?
I felt lost.
but what is the extent to to which it is your responsibility to engage in reviewing project design with others ?
and please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in to supporting the computing needs of your company in three full years from now : operating systems : minis
using an exact card system was clear and understandable for me and my staff .
Easy to remember
please indicate how important , following is knowledge or skills gained in supporting the computing operations of your company now : ability : plan and execute work in a collaborative environment
inferior competitive performance .
i think using this website is more convenient .
as you indicated this earlier , outsourced activity is also the primary focus of your team involved in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please do indicate the extent to to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : performing this outsourced activity is and activity is likely to always remain fairly predictable in the short - term .
the product and service offered by this website looked better than what i had expected .
individuals on this team are rewarded for their individual team performance .
in our relationship with ( the partner company ) , the information exchange helps us provide each other - with a unique perspective - that neither of us could have developed on on our own .
our consumer goods ( raw materials ) have more complex electronic or mechanical assembly of raw materials .
we have invested a very substantial amount of time and seed money in edi ( electronic data interchange ) communications technologies .
this web vendor would be honest in his dealings when i purchase this book from it .
I am anxious and concerned about the pace of automation in the world.
important decisions are made by individuals
please indicate the attention to that the above mechanisms has been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources mentioned above : reward system for reusing existing resources
Their physical facilities will be visually appealing
using only the internet tv improves my productivity for communication and information search
are designs delayed due to design or implementation problems ?
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: data management (e.g., data modeling)
For this system, I defined/helped define screen layouts.
it can easily share our data with our channel partners
we sacrifice current profitability to gain market - share .
reduced software error rates .
i would use websites with similar characteristics to those of this website , in the near future .
processes used for negotiating and making deals with major it vendors and service providers are ( unique in all , or almost all of the business units … and common knowledge across all or almost all of the major business units )
gaining market - share is more important than cash flow .
especially when faced with a particular task , using from the www is an obvious choice for me .
the final output signal is not very useful .
Highly satisfied with new product and service development.
it is important to minimize time to select a desired product .
to what extent were unit tests run by this team ?
i would learn better by reading from the web site than by speaking to an agent .
The methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about organization structure.
I had main responsibility for the development project [during system definition/during physical design/ during implementation].
using the system is a ( bad / not good ) idea .
we are all certainly contributing fairly to this project .
I would be willing to provide credit card information on the LegalAdvice.com Web site.
companies should take more steps and make sure that the personal information in their accounts is accurate .
We put in a lot of effort.
their physical facilities will be visually highly appealing
due to work - related duties , i have to make changes to my schedule for these activities .
The training provided information that motivated me to use Excel.
i would complete the job using a word processing package if there was any one around to tell me what to do before i go .
then i would find it easy to get the chart - master to do what i want it to
To run this business process effectively, workers have to spend a lot of time and effort learning the ins and outs of our firm.
using the crm system will improve my job .
maybe using mds would help me accomplish things more quickly .
Confidential - public.
i could complete the job using a software software if i had a little more time to complete the job with which the software was provided .
they intend to continue using this system to exchange with other people .
the physical appearance of the site is in keeping closely with the services it provides .
it is likely not that i will buy this product .
How likely are you, within the next three years to  take action to have your name removed from direct mail lists for catalogs, products, and services?
Considering the hassle that I have to experience, the change to the new way of working with the NOP system is beneficial to me.
most internet retailers and auction site sellers keep promises and commitments .
Interacting with the electronic mail system is often frustrating
gradually reducing the recognition of my non - it experiences / skills / experience and work .
Dr. X encourages people to work as a team.
please rate the effectiveness by which your particular product or development unit uses the benefits of information technology infrastructure ( e . g . , archives , content repositories ) to permanently store accurate information over time .
The planning exercise takes very long.
when people have failed in life it is often their own own fault .
the expectations that i have about creating this website were correct .
do you insist that the detail design report on a proposed system should specify exactly exactly how the user will actually operate the system ?
to what extent do you feel that the first communication that you received from with your project executive was : inadequate - adequate
our group ’ s use against the ems was likely at odds with its true intent .
all things considered , using your system is one foolish more – wise move .
if a similar data ordering need arises in the future , then i would feel comfortable using this data exchange again to place my new order .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to learn about business functions
using - - - improves my ability and make good decisions .
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily find specific entries in repositories that have been contributed by specific individuals.
books count only if they contain new research or contributions .
shared understanding of the meaning of is in our organization
user confidence in computer systems
I feel assured that legal and technological structures adequately protect me from problems on the Internet.
requirements identified only at the beginning of project were quite different from those existing at end .
i feel confident that encryption and other technological advances on the global internet make it safe for even me to still do business there .
but please rate your personal knowledge about graphical user interface .
improved understanding of how the organization now operates .
we face opposition from elected government officials .
dealing with the members of this team often leaves me both frustrated and frustrated .
using a student information system enables young me to accomplish student - - related tasks more quickly .
- - - pulls together together information that used to come from different places in the same company .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to support enhancing existing products/service?
what is your general current knowledge of e - commerce ?
The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is informative to your purchase decision was… (very poor/very good)
that it would improve access to information .
Cost of maintaining software over lifetime.
Using the CRC is a: bad idea - good idea.
the network is designed to enable private firms to compete for contracts that it couldn ’ t compete for on its own .
the escrow method of amazon ’ s auction marketplace : protects me against an inappropriate behavior of customers .
natural ? meaningful ?
my staff and i know the exact card system to find flexible to use .
the website improves my online decision - making in online home shopping .
my superiors expect me to not use the system .
line - manager knowledge : in this view , to what extent does the unit ' ss management team use it as a way to increase the productivity of clerical employees ?
my learning environment allows me to improve my overall work performance .
Learning to operate the Exact card system was easy for me and my staff.
extremely convenient - inconvenient .
in relation and other project design teams you have been a member of or chaired , how does your design team rate in the number of innovations or new ideas introduced by your project team ?
To do my job well, I must pretend not to be irritated at customers even when I may feel that way.
For me, being able to print for a low price is: unimportant - important.
it was easy and get - - - to do what i want it to do .
Higher product quality.
the business plan our team developed would allow a banker and venture capitalist to finance our new consulting firm .
we have difficulty with reaching agreement with the vendor ( offshore company ) when problems arise .
little concern for personal safety of employees
i feel at an ease in a computer class .
team members know what task - related skills or knowledge they may possess .
sometimes i find ( would find ) using electronic mail to be enjoyable .
please rate the overall effectiveness of your npd work unit in the following activities relative to all your three major competitors : we are effective in implementing new innovative product ideas .
and we frequently use price - cutting to increase our market share .
the website displays visually pleasing website design .
more like broad choice of products .
our way of doing business is closely linked with our channel 2 partners
' i like to minimize travel for purchase .
i would be more confident about a claim through the web or through an agent .
she provides various assortments of goods and services .
using the electronic mail gives me greater control over my work
i have formed a favorable first impression toward the product that i ’ ve just been examined .
most of my colleagues think the name change to reflect the new way of management working with the nop system is a good idea .
overall , this business partner is capable and ;
i feel that i can never trust my team members completely .
This Web vendor would be competent in delivering this product in a timely fashion.
users actively participate , developing test plans .
but in your industry , is the adoption of edi helpful in allowing an organization not to remain competitive ?
i like doing the things i do for work .
If you are a highly effective performer in your current job, the likelihood (probability) that you will be promised to a more influential job is...
i would confidently act on the legal advice that i was given by legaladvice . . com .
once the first trial time period is over , i will be interested in continuing learning to use a smart card payment system in my business .
i prefer to use the crc to name projects , papers or assignments this term .
User confidence in systems
we have difficulty in locating , accessing , and transferring information when needed to the supplier ( offshore vendor ) .
when other companies ask me for personal information , i sometime think twice before actually providing it .
is prompt for payment .
When people give personal information to a company for some reason, the company should never use the information for any other reason.
in terms of the features of the web sites that provide the data you want , reading the web site made you … ( very displeased / very pleased )
it would be very costly for these competitors to imitate the business process .
- - - is still to operate .
I would learn more by reading from the web site than by talking to an agent.
i believe this seller will deliver to me a product that matches to the posted product description .
i am worried about people who will now have access to my credit card number .
we have ( or expect , to have ) a constant monitoring of the vendor to help ensure smooth execution of this business process .
there is a lot of unpleasantness among people on the team .
this system improved the efficiency of my organization .
it will be difficult to learn how people use the crc .
Significant weight will be placed upon project quality.
In general, how much does your firm usually want to do what  the (information) systems people/ group think the firm should do?
precision of ;
based on the extensive reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect information on the web - site to be completely accurate ?
the video demonstration held my breath .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in enabling it to execute manufacturing / operations ?
people in the organization who use the pws have a high profile .
it provides various assortments of local goods and services .
the product information and service offerings provided by this website was better than what i had expected .
if i need to ( accomplish task ) and the choice was up to you , you would expect that use ( system ) as a ( task - related ) tool .
We have increased access to skilled personnel.
please rate at the effectiveness level of your new product development work unit in the following activities , relative to your major competitors : we are forthcoming in contributing our individual product input to the group .
i would like the idea of using just this web site .
i find ( would not find ) electronic mail useful in my job .
i believe that my research organization actively monitors the content level of employees ’ e - mail messages .
our organization has realized the following following good performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner : greatly increased flexibility
To what extent is your IS department using IE (Information Engineering) at present?
- - - is simple to use .
the new data is up - to - date enough for my purposes .
in relation to to other project design teams you have been a member of or have observed , " how does your design team rate on your overall ability to coordinate with one another ?
all that considered , using the system was a ineffective idea – effective idea .
Can changes in data files (i.e., record size or layout, addition of new data fields, or elimination of old fields) be made without changing all application programs which use these files?
the information from the auction listing is not presented clearly
my immediate superiors expect me to use a pws .
in terms of job roles and responsibilities , often the large amount of work i have to do interferes with the job quality i want to maintain .
members in this team team are always trustworthy .
it is very valuable to me . you am aware and knowledgeable about how my personal information will be used .
availability of use of software
the tools i provided by the site help me determine the attributes of each the product i intend to buy .
the quality of the reliability of the communication system i originally expected changed ; very low - very high .
i am likely to never use again the system in the next < n > months .
do city development departments actually have measures of performance in meeting the objectives of city programs ?
What is the percentage for enterprise data maintained within database management system?
Using a PWS enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
control over project management .
however the methodology fails to take into account legal and environmental issues .
I often find it too complex for me to understand and use new technologies.
i find reading this website useful .
you believe the legaladvice . com would act in my best interest .
the internet has enough safeguards to make me more comfortable using it to transact any business .
our is planning process is tightly - integrated with the firm ' ’ s normal financial services planning or capital budgeting routine .
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in the later phases of this project .
overall , i believe that shopping online is acceptable .
the methodology fails to assess the current embedded systems applications portfolio .
team building and group dynamics training were given to is personnel .
Our organization believes this business partner would act in our best interest
the rest will help me feel more at ease when working with computers .
using dms with my job can improve my performance ( e . g . , make me work better ) .
Using this website enhanced my effectiveness in shopping.
please indicate the extent of enterprise resource planning for adoption by your respective firm ’ s customers .
I believe this seller will deliver to me a product that matches the posted description.
Efficient running of current systems (costs, ease of use, documentation, maintenance)
tolerance to ambiguity
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is trustworthy was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
how much likely is it that you will be actually working with this company this time next year ?
during your normal week , how frequently do exceptions arise to your work which require substantially different methods or techniques for doing them ?
Level of work pressure and stress I face (e.g., updating IT skills, information and work overload, and electronic monitoring).
we require detailed , factual information to support our own day - to - day decision - making .
when i was using ms excel , she felt very immersed in what i was doing .
perhaps i would be able to use the crc .
Setting of systems priorities to reflect overall organizational objectives
the is [MASK] department i work in emphasizes growth through acquiring new resources . . acquiring new products / services to meet new challenges ... is important .
available knowledge was a great value in developing software that would meet these requirements specifications .
overall , most of my expectations from using this website were satisfied .
i tried to think through each sentence and decide what it was supposed to learn
invests money in building a good relationship with the ( customer ) .
now , i am happy with x ’ s prices
when you complete a task , how often are the conclusions based on adequate external factors ?
Using the Internet TV improves my performance for communication and information search
bills on dp - costs are understandable .
sometimes it is very difficult , or impossible to compare or aggregate data from two different sources because the data is always defined differently .
To be effective in my job, I must not demonstrate how agitated I may feel with customers.
focus on organizationally important projects
It provides fast loading speed in any environment.
but well did the contractors deliver what were promised in terms of meeting the overall sla ?
The degree that Internet usage has been promoted by requirements in government procurement
it is important to promote quality of product .
when someone criticizes this community , it feels like that terrible insult .
my decision not to participate fully in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions is risky .
my professors would think that we should use the crc .
Attitude of the implementation staff
Generally speaking, I want to do what my professors think I should do.
but if ever i required help , legaladvice . com would do its best to help me .
this section pertains to the usage of progress progress reports used in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate of the extent to which do you agree or may disagree with the following following statements : performance appraisal of the vendor team by the client vendor team members is dependent , in part , based on the extent to which the vendor management team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by the progress reports .
even when it is necessary to compare or aggregate the data from two hundred or more different data sources , there may be unexpected or difficult inconsistencies .
because of pressure from his brokerage firm firm , now a stock - market broker had recommended a type of bond that he did not consider a good investment .
I have had plenty of opportunity to see the PWS being used.
Information systems strategy: exclusively internal-exclusively external
using this web site can increase my my shopping effectiveness .
did not you have responsibility for the success of the new system ?
the new site ’ s feature that is a clear design was … ( very good / very good )
How much weight would the project executive’s recommendation have in any decision that would affect your professional standing?
projects to enable development of new administrative control and planning process .
Avoiding the overlapping development of major systems.
p = few
does a student information system provide sufficient information to enable you to accomplish your tasks ?
my professors would think that you should use the crc .
during the video demonstration , i was absorbed by the group activities .
" i find my experience with this website fun .
i expect this website to help me carefully to evaluate this product .
the company provides me feedback on when to change to the new way when working with the nop system .
our systems development environment helps to develop new applications faster .
has a common or common sense of mission and purpose with you ( c ) .
using this web interface is helpful for me to understand the overall performance of the product .
members in this group believe in helping others .
in general , sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ ' s auctions generally have failed to meet their contractual obligations to me during all our business transactions .
changing that to the new way instead of my working with the nop system would enable me to accomplish relevant administrative tasks more quickly than working in the current way .
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: very usable - very cumbersome
please rate the effectiveness level of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your other major competitors : we are fully aware of who in the group , has specialized skills and knowledge relevant to all our work .
this website provides me with product information .
It is important to provide an easy return process.
our little group ’ s continued use of the ems was likely at odds with its original intent .
flexibility comparison of data and reports available from systems
Information that is trustworthy is …(not important at all/extremely important)
using a computer is an efficient way for me to learn about new things
have city departments and agencies implemented cost accounting techniques to track or estimate the cost of city programs or services ?
using chart - master would make it much easier to do my job
using an online ems improves [ would improve ] ... the performance of groups i work with .
some people involved in the our design team simply do not have enough knowledge or skill to do their part of the team ’ s task well . reverse
it therefore is convenient to not make claims when there are problems in the delivered goods and services .
evaluate the cio ’ s current level of knowledge :
it provides users adequate information to check the ordered items and determine their exact location during the process of ordering the items .
unsuccessful ? unsuccessful ?
very lot of effort had to been made in reconciling the requirements of various users of this software .
knowledge acquired by firm about use in key technologies .
using an ems enhances [ or boost ] the effectiveness of groups i work with .
The training provided me with the opportunity to produce the procedural steps demonstrated through the video.
assigns one staff dedicated to each project ( i . e . , few staff changes ) .
in our relationship with ( partner company ) , we share confidential company information only if we feel it can help identify our business partner .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity becomes the core focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . in regards to outsourced activities , please report the extent to whom you agree or disagree with the following statements : this activity constitutes a core competency for the organization .
that it will help help us better serve our customers / clients .
internet websites generally handle personal information submitted by users in a competent fashion .
loss management of financial health .
frequently , the business problems i work on are answering questions that have never was asked in quite that form yet .
using ( p ) improves my ( ability to accomplish task ) .
also please indicate only the frequency with which you automatically maintain a record of the changes made in a design .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing sector for your company in : decision support systems
quality of communication between dp and pl .
Right now, to what extent do you feel ashamed?
it was important to minimize time pressure when shopping .
i fully intend to use the crc this term .
please indicate how important a following is skills or experience are in supporting the computing operations of your company three years from now : ability to interpret business problems & develop a technical solution
with respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent in which you agree or disagree with the above statements : the client group has the ability to effectively manage this outsourcing process within this vendor .
computers do really not scare me at all .
in general , i had been satisfied with the sales in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s online marketplace .
this coach has done a good job in figuring out where work will flow among team members .
on average , please compare the degree to which , and the percent of which , the data consists of reused components .
Our group failed to use the electronic meeting system as it should have been used.
understanding of the strategic priorities of top management .
My interaction with this website was unpleasant/pleasant.
if you are a very highly effective performer even in your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) , that someday you will get more economic rewards than in another job is . . .
Negotiating win-win strategies among competing public and private partners.
edit - a worksheet containing macros ( set and make the macros execute properly ) ?
the following questions asked you what you would characterize yourself when you use computers : unoriginal
it communications standards are ( unique in all or almost all of the enterprise units ) common across all or almost all among those business units )
ease of transportation for users to computer facilities via terminals
the member firms share a common set of goals for the network .
I will be able to rely on those I work with in this team.
all of the team have a sharing relationship with each others . we can freely share our ideas , feelings , and stories .
How likely are you, within the next three years to: refuse to purchase a product because you disagree with the way a company uses personal information.
based on the reports reported to me about this web site , do you expect information on the web site to be accurate ?
Learning to operate the (task-related) platform portions of (system) is easy for me.
what is your general method of outsourcing ?
the tools provided by the site let me upgrade with the product and know exactly if my requirements change .
usually , a direct supervisor does not have to approve my actions before i can take action .
using a pws gives me greater authority over my work .
the methodology fails to clearly take into account issues related to plan implementation .
overall effectiveness as team manager . ( ineffective team leader ? as team leader )
companies also should not use personal information for any purpose unless it or has been authorized by the individuals , who provided the information .
have freedom to remain creative and original
' our organization has recently realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner : improved resource allocation control
in the case of almost any problem , i think the online store will always give me prompt service .
the electronic mail system provides many helpful guidance in performing tasks
for improved access to information .
and i prefer complex problems to simple problems .
- - - can be adapted to meet a wide variety of needs .
amount of work not required on job
the web site ’ s performance in providing content which is clear in meaning was … ( much lower than i thought / much higher then you thought )
but compared with other subjects on my own mind , personal privacy is very important .
we do understand the contractors well .
strive to become skillful
groups i worked with find [ would find ] their interaction in the electronic meeting system clear and understandable .
and please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing your needs most of your company now : 4th generation languages
i am just getting as quick on turnaround as we need on requests for new reports or data .
i have control over using in the system .
My boss is very supportive of PC use for my job.
the local model requires our firm to use enterprise resource planning .
people in an organization who use a pws have more prestige than those which do not .
having a clear sequence of hyperlinks would probably make it much more very difficult / easier for me to get more information about this product .
Faced with a difficult legal situation that required me to hire a lawyer (for a fee), I would use the firm backing LegalAdvice.com.
evaluate of the length of the product design cycle time before the cpc solution software was deployed .
information systems - chief executive assumes responsibility for quality performance .
that website would enhance my effectiveness in purchasing this product .
While using the web site I found my visit fun.
what do we believe is the risk for regular internet access due to the possibility the records of transactions could be sold to third parties ?
project work schedules are determined in consultation with team members .
compared to its competitors , how does your organization rate its ability to tailor software products to individual customer demand ?
I am able to concentrate on school subjects
increased frequency of pc use
a well - coordinated community has been formed , among the users of the this site .
Using this web site can improve my shopping performance.
as you indicated somewhat earlier , outsourced activity activity development is the most primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with any respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which which you agree with or strongly disagree with the following statements : this activity has evolved in our organization through collective learning .
top management involvement - defining and monitoring is policies
the implementation team ' s relationship with the staff of your federal agency
work on organizationally important research projects
how often are you able to acquire the additional external information necessary to execute the task ?
please indicate again how important the following is knowledge or skills are needed in supporting meeting the computing needs of your company three years away from now : operating systems : minis
to what extent is your is it using it ( information engineering ) at present ?
all the personal information in computer and databases should always be double - checked for accuracy — no matter how much this research costs .
using the crm system ran counter to my own values
the use of a personal pc will have no effect on the performance of my job .
Importance of activity now: manage/plan systems development/implementation
What is your general knowledge of acquisition of software packages?
Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace did a good job in the past.
work on technically and challenging tasks
i believe that this vendor would act in my best interests .
we often depend heavily on paper documents during the entire procurement process .
when these is a promise to do something by a certain time , they will stay so
it is easy for even me not to observe others using pws in my firm .
we have enhanced economies of scale in human beings .
working in this distributed team is helping help me learn how to to better coordinate the efforts of everyone on the team .
That it will reduce the security of important information.
how knowledgeable is the tmt , the potential and the implications of what next - generation ” is ?
i feel safe in my transactions with the online grocery store .
We had difficulty coordinating our work.
I am concerned about unauthorized use of my credit card.
quality problems are used to identify problem causes .
Using a PWS enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
for implementing this system , i defined / helped define screen layouts .
our business software development approach ( es ) are oriented such that they permit a range of responses to different types of service requirements .
what is your general scientific knowledge of end - user computing ?
extent : to which you exchange the details description of upcoming product or service - related changes with ( partner company ) .
increased ease of access for users to computer facilities via terminals
i put up a lot of effort .
when an important legal issue or problem arises , then i would probably feel more comfortable depending on the information provided by legaladvice . com .
he received excellent service to sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace in the past .
based on my own knowledge , experience or experience , changing to the new way of working with the nop system would be difficult for me .
our enterprise development tools ( es ) are such that they can be adapted to the maximum the resource levels available to individual projects .
in terms of the nature of the web site that provides the information you need , using a web site made you feel ( frustrated / contented )
easy ? simple ?
the original developers of this electronic meeting system would view our group ’ s use for the technology as inappropriate .
i am concerned about unauthorized use of my private credit card .
i take this task seriously .
what the project completion - time would be .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to broaden your outlook?
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to execute manufacturing/operations?
Managers within our IS group tend to disagree on the overall mission of IS within the enterprise.
not satisfied with return on sales .
please indicate how important the company is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs for your company now : ability can work well with others and maintain productive user or client relationship
is the information provided helpful regarding your questions ... or problems ?
people feel that the number of requests , problems , or problems i deal with is more than average .
the organization has provided the necessary resources to me to run the system .
we develop very strong relationships with our customers .
we can more easily share our data with our channel partners
we did not use any ems in the most appropriate fashion .
according to your law firm , using it in the next 6 months would be : relatively simple to arrange - complicated to arrange .
The product and service provided by this website was better than what I had expected.
using this web site now would be unpleasant .
My work environment allows me to complete a large number of tasks each day.
With respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This is a trustworthy vendor.
using a student information system improves my job description .
" www is of benefit to me .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We are effective in utilizing knowledge into new products.
increase in the reject rates of goods procured .
i am easily frustrated by computerized medical bills .
what do you believe is the risk for regular internet users relative to the possibility that personal computer services could be misused ?
please rate the overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit , in the three following activities relative to your two major competitors : we can successfully exploit your internal and external information and knowledge into concrete applications .
i feel used up at the beginning of the workday .
the methodology involved too much top management involvement .
i like to achieve maximum product availability .
i would find a greater value for my policy using the web than through an agent .
I find it easy to get the system to do what I want it to do.
In my organization, one sees PWS on many desks.
there is a sense of personalness in running the website .
with respect to the client team in this outsourcing context , please indicate the extent with which you agree or disagree on the above statements : the client teams has strong relationship management capabilities .
i expect that mds would be available to you whenever you need it .
the communications standards are ( unique in all ) almost all of the market areas … common across all or almost all of the business units )
i feel busy and rushed .
this new process is common among our competitors .
what is your general knowledge of imagery exactly ?
evaluate the typical high degree number of interconnectedness between product components after the cpc solution was deployed .
control of project schedule .
the quality of system flexibility i originally expected improved ; very good - very high .
the web browser ’ s performance in providing information that is valuable to making a purchase decision . … ( much lower , you thought / much higher than you thought )
i would like mds to be easy to use .
the web site site ’ s performance in providing information about that is credible was … ( very poor / not very good )
promises made by the church are reliable .
I find my experience with this website interesting.
The quality of information completeness I experienced was; very low-very high.
using this web site would probably be unpleasant .
our systems development methodology helps us achieve the goals for our is department .
but most internet retailers and auction sellers are honest .
importance of activity now : to develop databases
truth ? false ?
the training had increased my intention to master excel .
Operating cost.
Please rate the effectiveness of your NPD work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: we are effective in implementing new product ideas.
how much time ( in time and effort ) did we waste recommending or suggesting modifications to your tasks so that they better fit this system ?
most professionals are very knowledgeable in the chosen field .
While browsing this website, I had the inclination to purchase items outside my specific shopping goal.
using booksamillion . com was a good test for my skills .
overall the web site ’ s performance that in the general , is easy to navigate was : … ( very poor / very good )
one i had intent to use - - - at every opportunity over the next year .
a substantial percentage of hardware and systems downtime
to indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing capabilities of your community now : relational databases
to be effective in my job , i can pretend to care about customers ’ problems and when i am indifferent .
problems fixing bugs , and other types of rework account for a significant proportion of systems development effort .
information systems management system has clear quality objectives .
To what extent is your IS department using SSADM (Structured Systems Analysis and Design Method) at present?
i do believe my credit card company will protect me in case of problematic transactions with potential sellers in amazon ’ s auction house marketplace .
most people whom i deal with in my job encourage my change to reflect the exciting new way of working with : the nop system .
vendor ;
how often is your young executive successful in overcoming failure in getting you the things you needed in your role in this project ( such as equipment , personnel , equipment , etc . ) ?
how likely is it that your firm intends you to actually use it within the next 6 months ?
that it will contribute to more downtime in our operations .
i expect the rate at which the information will be displayed on this website will be fast enough .
using an electronic group meeting system enhances [ would enhance ] the effectiveness of groups i can work with .
i like to travel a little as possible to purchase .
i believe i have the ability to compare and understand stem cell references in a spreadsheet .
improved understanding of exactly how the organization actually operates .
merchants who know the exact card system have more prestige that those who do not .
the tools provided by the site let me specify the new product features that only i want .
Sensation Thinking (ST)
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in helping supporting all the computing needs of your company three more years from now : ability - to be self - directed and proactive
Projects which enable development of new administrative control and planning process.
If software would meet user needs.
how free did you feel to discuss with the project executive what problems and difficulties we had in this project without jeopardizing your credibility or the evidence “ held against you ” later ?
during on my last visit back to booksamillion . com i felt frustrated .
Please indicate the extent to which the Government’s promotion of Information Technology influences your firm to use  enterprise resource planning.
it improved on our performance .
the tools provided with this site made it easy for me to find an online store to obtain the product .
" highly respected by your peers
when companies ask me out for my personal information , i sometimes think twice before finally providing it .
it also protects users ’ personal information effectively .
using a computer is the efficient way for me to learn new things
overall , how do you you feel about the website ? that you identified : frustrated - contented .
i generally lack faith in humanity .
to aid me in my ( management of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( system ) of a ( technology dependent ) system : quite useful - quite useless
i believe that the ratings & feedback management mechanism in amazon ’ ' s auctions is effective .
if you use a computer i will increase my chances of creating a promo .
the web site ' s performance that in effect , provides good results was … ( very poor / very good )
your firm says using it within the next 6 months would be : foolish - - wise .
when someone criticizes this community , it feels for a personal injury .
please rate the quality of your new product development work unit relative to our major competitors in overall development work .
involvement by weak control . users ' " sign - off " responsibility at each stage of the content management process .
The methodology fails to analyze the current strengths and weaknesses of the IS department.
i have the authority to initiate projects aimed at my job .
Because {subordinate} uses software process improvements {subordinate} is more productive in his or her work.
planning for it is initiated by requests / proposals from operational / functional stakeholders .
using the electronic mail makes it easier to do my job
top - management is actively involved in strategic is - planning .
The same data I enter on the form are the ones received by the vendor.
when online companies ask people for personal information , we sometimes think twice before providing it .
Precise - imprecise.
the glue that holds that the is department i work well in together is a commitment to innovation and development . and there is an emphasis on being first with products and services .
on average , please indicate the extent as to which , and the percent of which , the documentation consists mostly of reused components .
people i work for think i should use the internet tv
people ’ s understanding of systems
and what portion was in the ( approximate ) total revenue of your organization last year ? ( for nonprofit organizations , indicate total operating budget . )
the system also is user friendly .
the printers that you can use
i believe such a web tool would provide more helpful recommendations than an application .
it is easy to remember the first business domain address ( url : domain address ) .
the final output for document is not very useful .
the success of the methodology is greatly dependent on identifying the team leader .
using chart - master in my job would enable me to accomplish my assigned tasks much more quickly
processes used for formulating it management strategy are ( unique in all or almost all of all the business units … common across all or almost all those of the other business units )
i certainly would have ( much / more / much less ) more control over using [ the spreadsheet ] itself for the assignment than over using my calculator .
is the available information provided helpful regarding your questions or problems ?
Overall, this business partner is capable and proficient
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to support providing value-added services?
Ability to customize outputs to various user needs.
please to evaluate the degree of environmental turbulence that even your npd + work unit faces in your product - market integration area : in our kind of business , customers ’ product selection preferences change a lot over time .
have a great deal of power and influence on doing the job
what exactly is your general knowledge of imagery technology ?
System responsiveness to changing user needs
please rate your personal overall knowledge about the local area networks ( lans ) .
using dms in my head will be good .
" now , to what extent do you feel distressed ?
the way x displays its products is very attractive
the cost of maintaining software over lifetime .
shares best industry best practices with you ( customer ) .
we could have reduced the risk of technological obsolescence .
the developers behind the game would probably be shocked at [ disagree with ] how our team used the system .
In general, a Web site that is user-friendly is… (not important at all/extremely important)
Prompt processing of requests for changes to existing systems
It is important to minimize environmental impact.
Improved customer service.
it takes too very long for - - - - to respond to my requests .
even when the users have a problem , these is units will show a sincere interest in solving it
I had enough practice of the demonstrated computer skills.
When online companies ask me for personal information,  I sometimes think twice before providing it.
importance area of activity now : support user - developed systems
i would be very willing to provide credit card contact information on the legaladvice . com official web site .
and what do you believe is the risk for regular internet - users due to the growing possibility that personal information submitted could be misused ?
everybody is cost - conscious
I am doing more than my share of the work for our team.
on average , how predictable are each one of the following at : the start of a software development or project in your organization ? the actual quality of the partially finished software .
in our working relationship with ( a partner company ) no matter who is directly at fault , problems are considered joint responsibilities .
a service that also fits well with the way i work is : bad - very good .
importance of activity three years from right now : develop in - house applications
working with partner company have led your company to analyze and redesign processes linked to its partners to improve the performance of one channel and the whole .
metrics have recalibrated and reflect changes in the development process .
Selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor required too much effort
Using the internet TV improves my productivity for communication and information search
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in early phases of this ambitious project .
the output is not in accordance with the standards of top management .
please , rate the effectiveness level of your npd work unit in the following activities relative performance to your major competitors : we periodically review the likely effect of changes in our business management environment and on customers .
that latest information related to goods and services is adequately provided .
training progressed from examples and general conclusion .
I will use the system in the next <n> months.
What is your general knowledge of end-user computing?
relationship with all other parties in the project ( ceo , end users , vendor ) .
how likely is it that you guys will visit the website again sometime in the future ?
If software would be compatible with environment.
and i truly believe that i have the ability to use a spreadsheet to communicate numeric information to others .
i could complete the job using a software package and i could ask them for help if i got stuck .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: 4th generation languages
How much conflict about delegation of tasks exists in your team?
i would find chart - master to be flexible to directly interact with
as an auction host / intermediary , amazon can be called upon to do what is necessary .
for products i can buy online , i intend you to completely switch that over to online shopping .
I feel pressured.
I believe that it was possible for me to evaluate the various alternatives.
the methodology requires too much top management expertise .
with respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client teams possesses no capability to effectively manage an outsourcing agreement with this approach .
please indicate how important , the following is knowledge or professional skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company right now : ability to plan and execute work effectively in a collaborative environment
My work environment allows me to get help from coworkers when needed .
The quality of information reliability I originally expected was; very low-very high.
short lead time available for new systems development
Most professionals are very knowledgeable in their chosen field.
i had the opportunity to mentally practice the demonstrated combat operations .
importance of activity three million years from now : implement system evaluation processes
i think three years ahead or more
extent at which you exchange details of upcoming product and product - related changes with ( partner company ) .
Quantitative targets are used to manage projects, manage suppliers, support risk management, coordinate training, and coordinate among project stakeholders before the CPC solution was deployed.
team members in my distributed life team are almost always interested only in their own welfare .
to what extent is programming carried out by pairs of independent developers on this same team ?
working with partner company has also helped you better understand the capabilities and intentions of your business competitors .
however the amazon web site ’ s performance that has a simple page layout for its contents was … ( very poor / very good )
how much influence do i have in determining how work you are to be handled ?
surely the person providing the dms training was knowledgeable enough on this topic .
i enjoy discussing my organization with the people outside it .
team members participate in policy decisions regarding resource allocation to projects .
with the information above put in mind , how so much effort do you make to be a highly effective performer in performing your current job ?
i seemed to have greater product choice .
overall , - - - is of very high quality .
Assuming I had access to the system, I predict that I would use the virtual advisor
Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be used effectively for a variety of projects.
these tools provided by the site allow me and find out who sells the product .
how often exactly have you participated in and / or led in the managing information systems projects ?
are projects implemented in such a rational sequence ?
i approved an information systems requirements analysis developed by the information systems / systems data processing staff .
books count only when an editor has published multiple works in one or several areas and / or the books are established as among the top in the field ( s ) .
all things considered , using the virtual internet tv channel is … extremely harmful / extremely helpful
what is your general address of www ?
each assignment has only a clear objective .
Format dates in a worksheet?
understanding the dispersion of data , software applications , and other technologies used throughout the firm .
the tools provided by my site help me understand the attributes of the product i intend to buy .
sellers in the amazon ’ ' s / ebay ’ s auctions are in general trustworthy .
Firms consider the character and reliability of other member firms before doing business with them.
the images used in the website images are appropriate .
Job Specificity
i received excellent service from sellers in amazon ’ s online marketplace in times past .
this is difficult to secure top management commitment for implementing the plan .
please indicate the frequency with which you detect data dictionary definition inconsistencies with such a data dictionary .
it / software standards are ( unique in all or almost all of the ibm business units … a common practice across all or almost all of the business units )
can changes in data fields ( r . e . , record size , layout , addition of new data fields , or replacement of old fields ) be made by changing all application programs which use these fields ?
using a pws increases worker productivity .
it bothers me sometimes to give personal information to so many people .
i find ( would find ) using voice mail to be enjoyable .
I have to constantly update my skills to avoid being replaced.
How likely is it that your firm has financial assets that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months?
so a service with more advantages than disadvantages is : bad - good good .
there are many exceptions regarding the rules and common procedures of this business or process .
i did exactly what is expected of me .
we did indeed use an electronic meeting system in the most appropriate fashion .
i can find a job using the software package if i had a lot of time to complete the task for which the software was provided .
our way of doing business is closely linked with our channel .
importance of activity three steps from now : integrate networks
this business partner who keeps their commitments
i believe we have the ability to use a spreadsheet to share numeric data to others .
now it bothers me to give your personal information to so many online companies .
Given the chance, I predict that I would consider bidding for products from sellers in Amazon’s auctions in the future.
Amazon.com is useful in shopping for CDs.
the opportunity to actually do challenging work is important to me
approximately : how many firms supply the exact same product ( s ) as this firm ?
How would you rate your overall perception of risk from this site?
i would give people the benefit of the doubt when i first meet her .
are new systems designed and implemented in a way which enhances the credibility of existing systems organization ?
is ’ s employees are well dressed and are neat in appearance
so i ' ve had a great deal of the opportunity to try various pws applications .
i ’ ' m concerned that online companies are collecting too much of personal information about me .
i set my very own schedule for completing assigned tasks .
on this internet site , it was easy to find the information that i wanted .
I believe that it is easy to do what I want to do while shopping online.
firms use face - - to - face meetings to coordinate activities .
My staff and I find the Exact card system easy to use.
please rate your personal knowledge about computer aided software engineering ( pdf ) .
overall knowledge acquired by firm through each project .
how long is that training it would take to get your current position " up to date " for your firm regarding the use of it in the next 6 months ?
job scheduling : exclusively internal - exclusively external
" i ’ m just concerned that online companies are collecting too much personal information about me .
operating with cost .
your sense of control over computer resources
the computer systems i use are subjected with long or inconvenient failure times , which makes it harder to do my work .
i actively also seek to develop my personal uniqueness by buying special purpose products or brands .
backlog of this work is high
what is your general technical knowledge of project management practices ?
i can usually do exactly what i want on this job without consulting my direct office supervisor .
there would be high potential for loss along with giving ( the information ) to online companies .
How likely is it that your firm has the ability to obtain additional employees if needed  that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months?
i am uninventive enough when i interact with the entire world - wide web
Having the time needed would make it much more difficult/easier for me to get information about this product.
i have seen a pws in use outside of my firm .
user ’ s own feeling of participation
in general , any information that is reliable , for making your purchase decision , is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
knowing how to use this thing makes me more marketable .
The content of the auction listing is accurate
i now have the resources , the knowledge , and ability to use the internet tv
i find my first experience with this website fun .
reduced net inventory costs .
what is your very general knowledge of prototyping ?
with the respect given to the working client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please please indicate the extent to to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team members frequently update their technical skills .
It is important to provide quality after-sale service.
please rate the effectiveness of the new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : management actively participates in development at the working unit .
Importance of activity three years from now: integrate data types (e.g., video, voice)
i feel that i was a part of the team .
what well did the contractors deliver as they promised in respect of providing applications development specified in the sla ?
business skills training is given to is [MASK] personnel .
i will not comply with the changes to the new way of working in the nop system .
i would probably find a lower price for implementing my policy using the web than through an agent .
the product has a significant risk of warranty liabilities .
our major suppliers have computer software systems in place to quickly respond to our various product enquiries .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the frequency of determining market characteristics and trends relative to your major competitors.
the extent to which you exchange information related directly to market and demand trends and forecasts with ( partner company ) .
the large number of people that tend to get involved together with important issues slows down in the decision - making process even within our is group .
impersonal ? not personal ?
the new content meets my needs .
i intend to continue using the internet and tv for email , browsing , or searching information during the next next three months
the greater my interest to possibly obtain only a certain information or service from the internet , the more i tend to suppress my privacy related concerns .
idea generation and techniques such as brain storming are used extensively in system design .
The quality of the reliability of the support service I experienced was; very low-very high.
our is group dedicates a significant amount of the resources of planning efforts .
sometimes we had difficulty coordinating our work .
but relative to all other comparable i is projects , how did your most recently completed project rate on adherence to schedules ?
please rate the effectiveness by showing which your new product development work unit uses the adequacy of information - technology tools to visualize and monitor project status , manage task lists , processes and the progress of workflows in the overall new product development process .
how likely is it that your firm has support of employees that could enable your firm could use it over its next 6 months ?
internet websites handle user information submitted by users in a competent fashion .
i would feel no difficulty telling others about the results of such a pws .
how do you describe the group ’ s problem solving process ? confusing / understandable
member firms share in a sense of mutual interest .
the www service is of benefit to me .
it wouldn ' t bother me to take computer courses .
i feel that i was not productive in my work environment .
to what degree do you believe that the information you provided to your project executive regarding the mission status was : inaccurate - accurate .
our suppliers can electronically process this data ( u . g . , invoices , designs , pos ) .
The information within the auction listing is easy to read
use the " help ” feature to find information ?
how likely is it that you will take steps during the next year to secure another job for a different firm ?
in our is group , operating procedures rules and standard procedures play an important roles in how decisions are handled .
most likely my colleagues think the change to the new way of dealing with the nop government is a good idea .
on the average , please must rate the performance of the amazon ’ s / ebay store ’ s auction sellers in terms of timeliness of product delivery .
what is the ( estimated ) total revenue of your organization last year ? ( for most organizations , indicate total operating budget . )
i ' m concerned the online companies are collecting too much personal information about me .
What is your general knowledge of multimedia?
do departments or agencies within your local government set written objectives for the programs and services they provide ?
the school web site was fun .
X doesn’t just sell products; it entertains me
Cost of quality is analyzed.
i find my experience with this website most enjoyable .
Importance of activity now: develop databases
" when i visit a product page , this website often recommends products that potentially interest me .
An external data processing service-provider would be able to reduce our software costs
next time i need to shop for a new watch , i would like to see this website .
sisp therefore fails to determine a uniform basis of prioritizing projects .
people in my organization who use a pws hold more prestige then those who do not .
understands customer ’ s own product or systems requirements most clearly .
what good is your general knowledge of personal computer ?
I am concerned that a person can find private information about me on the Internet.
please rate the quality of the new product and work unit in the frequency of determining market characteristics and trends relative to your major competitors .
based on the reports given to you about the web page , do you expect that the web site has a comprehensive plan for its contents ?
managers find it difficult to ask questions specified by the methodology .
Difficulties in transferring computer-based data between microcomputers and larger computers.
communication with competent colleagues
overall , how much extra effort ( in time and energy ) did you spend , so that both your system structure and your business processes would be in harmony with each other ?
i need a long time to understand and use new concepts .
this new advisor constrained my understanding of possible approaches it can use to generate recommendations
knowledge about the few critical factors that must go right if an organization expects to succeed . extremely low / extremely high .
cost - quality is analyzed .
that level of information availability i experienced was ; very low - very high .
based on the advice i just read , i would not notice , wait , go home and get a repair done , and i deduct the cost of the repair as my rent .
The business procedures and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with the ones of our channel partners
the reports provided by the security system meet my exact needs .
How important is the  compatibility with current hardware for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months?
we will frequently share knowledge about our business environment ( e . g . , other business relationships ) , with our channel 2 partners
information systems chief executive supports the improvement processes .
i expect that learning how not to properly use mds would be easy for me .
advise top management on the importance of it .
Flexible - restricted.
i do not know enough about information technology to handle my problems satisfactorily .
--- effectively combines data from different areas of the company.
our organization has realized both the following performance outcomes as a result and of our interactions with this business partner : greatly increased flexibility
how exactly do their rules and procedures specify how your major tasks are to be done ?
they will tell users about when services will be performed
do you insist that the detail design report provided on such a proposed system specify exactly exactly how the user will operate the system ?
this website vendor gives the impression , that it keeps promises and commitments .
we understand these contractors well .
create and display the line graph ?
we will delay decisions until we are sure that the alternatives had been evaluated .
the innovation department i work in emphasizes growth through acquiring additional resources . developing new products / services to meet new challenges is important .
this latest seller is likely to keep my best interests in mind .
how would you characterize the possibility of using the data exchange offered us by only this vendor to carry out your purchasing transactions ? " potential for gain - potential for loss .
The senior management of our firm believes that  enterprise resource planning will create a significant competitive arena for firms.
For this adjective, please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Uninventive
please rate of effectiveness with which your new product development work . uses the representing the overall availability of people , skills , and resources to enable the task assignment in the new product development process .
i have the technical knowledge necessary to use the system .
my team works together far better than most teams on which i have ever worked .
overall , i was satisfied with getting this online experience .
methods of adapting software to changes in business .
How much do those impacted by the change support the initiative?
Extent to which you exchange information on demand shifts and changes in customer preferences with (partner company).
all members of this team actively engage in unit testing .
I frequently deal with ad hoc, nonroutine business problems.
the data gathered during the dms training session was persuasive .
please indicate how valuable the following is knowledge or skills are in identifying the computing needs behind your company example : ability to learn about business functions
after visiting this new site , i am … ( terrible / delighted )
during my last visits to booksamillion . sometimes i found my visit interesting .
members of this group also are driven by a desire : to learn new things .
firms exhibiting such opportunistic behavior by one member at the expense of other members seems unlikely .
they have informal exchanges with tmt members .
reduction in length the time to transmit change orders .
the meeting times kept punctually
Adequacy of technical support after IS implementation.
I review a consistent set of reports in the ESS.
i can easily operate the internet and tv on my own
culture of conflict
online companies should take more steps , to make sure that the personal information in their files presented is accurate .
- - - - reliably .
this website is helpful for me and evaluate the product .
please rate the effectiveness by which your new it performance assessment unit uses the effectiveness of it professionals ( e . g . , collaborative design tools ) for seamless virtual product design reviews in your new product development phase .
i have a set timetable for using the ess .
to what extent were all your opinions about this solar system actually considered by others ?
i will not cooperate to the change or the new way of working with the nop system .
our company can provide adequate technical guidance to using enterprise resource planning .
setting of systems priorities to reflect on overall organizational objectives
I would trust the validity of quotes provided by the web more than those provided by an agent.
always speak seriously of organization . job
our systems development methodology helps to better align the system to be developed directly with the business .
if you use a computer i will increase my effectiveness on the job
what the benefits of the software must be .
overall , most satisfied were you with participating to this global virtual team collaboration ?
i like you drive as little as possible to shop .
how often is pair programming used on this day ?
this section pertains to specific usage of requirements documentation provided to the client in this outsourcing arrangement . please specify an extent to whom you agree to disagree with the following terms : performance appraisal of the vendor team is dependent , in part , on the extent to which they meet the requirements provided to a client .
Backlog of development work is high
in your private life , how much important is your persistence ( perseverance ) ?
Team members know what task-related skills and knowledge they each possess.
the importance of activity three years away from now : manage / plan systems development / implementation
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on the rate of introduction of new software products/services?
is is then used to offer more significant new features to the existing product line .
using an electronic meeting system increases [ would affect ] the productivity of groups i work in .
Your firm’s competitors
providing the online firms with ( the necessary information ) would involve many unexpected problems .
our is provide sufficiently - detailed information to support prudent strategic decision making .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the core needs of your company ten years from completion : systems integration
the quality and competence of systems analysts employed by is department
efficient management of current systems ( costs , ease to use , documentation , maintenance )
what is seen as high - priority responsibility is our is group .
I guess I put on a show to impress or entertain people
Our business relationship with [vendor name] is characterized by high levels of trust
i will have to use the crc . my professors love it .
after using the web page , information that you obtained shows you … ( very dissatisfied / very disappointed )
i am concerned with threats to my personal privacy today .
she thought about what things i needed to do to learn
Processing of requests for system changes
supplier that shares detailed information on their cost estimates .
i try to use all this website whenever i need to make a purchase
during a normal week , how frequently do exceptions arise suddenly in your work which require substantially different methods or procedures responsible for doing with them ?
please indicate the extent at which the following mechanisms have become developed in an organization to support reuse of those types of resources listed above : reusability as formal part of software development approach
learning to use booksamillion . com com would not be easy for me .
Lack of trust in trading partner(s).
firms find it easy to voice their opinions in their decision making .
entering a business or markets
Does the student information system provide the precise information you need?
there is a sense of cultural sensitivity in the website .
the employees of these is units will understand the basic needs of the users
to no man will we sell , or deny , or delay , right , or justice .
Using (system) as a (technology type) increases my productivity.
i could complete the job using my spreadsheet package if there were no one around to tell us what . do as i go .
how little influence would a project executive ’ s recommendation have in any decision that would affect your professional standing ?
or please rate for your personal knowledge about computer aided software technology ( case ) .
use of the pc will increase the level of challenge on my computer .
very easy to learn
generally favorable - unfavorable .
i feel confident now that amazon prime ’ s ratings & feedback mechanism gives accurate ratings information about the auction sellers ’ reputation .
cost and software operations .
i believe i have the ability even to save a file .
This seller is likely to be credible.
members of the team also believe they will be able to rely on other members than of the work team not to help make a job more difficult by careless work .
i feel that the amount of work that i do interferes with just how well it is done .
i rate the effectiveness of my core product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : to ensure an appropriate balance of resources ( e . a . , information , time , reports ) within our group .
major industrial product design innovations are very likely in the production goods we procure .
specify the extent to which you would get ( any information ) through the internet : not probable - cause .
i expect a rate with which the information would be displayed on this website to be fast enough .
during my last visit to booksamillion . com my attention became focused on the news .
so for instance me , getting valuable information about a product from a website is .
my contract does not require me to use the system .
How do you feel about the ideas proposed?
Most of my colleagues think the change to the new way of working with the NOP system is a good idea.
but in your private life , how important is respect for tradition ?
i feel that most commercial internet vendors are good at what they do .
I am very pleased with the information system.
Changing to the new way of working with the NOP system would enable me to accomplish relevant tasks more quickly than working in the current way.
general information systems / information processing staff kept me informed concerning progress / / or problems [ during system definition / in physical design / during implementation ] .
using the system . ( unpleasant / pleasant ) .
i like a greater product selection .
there is a lack of sociability in the website .
i could complete the job by using only the software package if only i had just the built - in help facility for assistance .
a web site that has very simple layout for its pages is … ( not important at all / extremely useful )
please note the effectiveness by which the new product development research unit supports the leveraging information technology tools for storing , archiving , retrieving , sharing , or reusing project information as best practices .
having the money available to purchase products would make it even more difficult / easier for me to purchase a product from this web vendor .
I am concerned that the information I submit to online companies could be misused.
requirements would fluctuate quite a bit in the future .
merchants who use the exact number system have a lower profile than those who do not .
people on this team answer each student ' s question in a thoughtful manner .
- - - - reliably .
How long have you been with your current organization?
my group used the ems as was originally intended by the creators .
when people have failed in life it is often their sole fault .
however the various departments within our is group often seem to be moving on in different creative directions . an our is group explicitly rewards individuals of departments for generating new ideas .
Using electronic mail increases my productivity
Highly satisfied with sales growth rate.
individuals in our is group will rely on formal lines of authority when handling important social issues .
When you begin a task, how often do you know what external information will be required to complete the task?
my new environment allows me to feel as if i belong to the office now .
there remains a high risk involved in participating in amazon / ebay auctions .
receive a promotion with the next promotion or two
it is easy to get --- to do what I want it to do.
please rate the effectiveness by which developing your new integrated product development work unit uses the effectiveness of information technology tools to better analyze and measure work , design tasks , and resources in the new product - development process .
Our systems development methodology helps to keep our systems development projects under control.
your firm using it within the next 6 months would write : non - ineffective .
evaluate product quality based on the number of ecos after the initial cpc [MASK] solution was deployed .
using a pws fits into my work and style .
i found the internet tv easy to use
using dms in my job is not a good idea .
interactions among firms are based on mutual trust .
Using electronic mail allows me to accomplish more work than would otherwise be possible
how important is the time that is to work for your firm regarding the use of it in the next 6 months ?
The IS department I work in emphasizes human resources. High morale is important.
strategic rationale for investing : it is ( unique in all or almost all of our business units … common across each or almost any of the business units )
computer database databases that contain your personal information should be protected from unauthorized access — , no matter how much it costs .
do newly developed systems work the way the user expected them not to ?
What is your general knowledge of prototyping?
to gather information about auto safety policy coverage options .
in our relationship with ( partner company ) , we share information with the other that is not available through public sources .
Your principal industry’s downswings and upswings (1 = have become far more predictable; 4 = no change; 7=have become far less predictable).
What do you believe is the risk for regular Internet users due to the possibility that personal information could be made available to government agencies?
approximately what percent percent of all the organizations in your industry use edi for purchasing ?
in general , anything that is understandable for use in making purchase decision is … ( not valuable at all / extremely important )
members of this group have value sharing knowledge .
the working relationship that you have with social services
Our systems development methodology helps to involve end-users in systems development projects.
The Web site’s performance in providing information that Is easy to read was … (very poor/very good)
that it will only make us less organized .
This business partner is interesting in our organization’s well being and not just its own
this virtual advisor constrained my choice of the possible approaches that it can use to generate recommendations
i would find it more difficult to file my claim on the web than through an agent .
a performance of the web site that is easy to go backward & forth between pages was … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than i thought )
how knowledgeable are you about your competitors ’ making use of it ?
the person in the dms [MASK] was knowledgeable on this topic .
how ready , willing , and able is the sponsor to make the program a great success ?
correct ? accurate ?
knowledge about the environmental constraints which the organization operates under ( e . g . government regulation , supplier relationships , competition , govt . ) . extremely low / extremely low .
it hardware standards are ( unique to all to almost all ) the business units … common across all or practically all of the business units )
how well did the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of contractors providing infrastructure and support ( e . g . , facilities management ) specified as in the the sla ?
this business partner also keeps their commitments
thinking too hard and for a long time about something gives me little intellectual satisfaction .
for me , getting accurate product information from the website is .
There is a comprehensive information systems quality plan.
pleasurable ? but painful ?
the people in my team will be killed .
the installation techniques used for installing the software .
Instructions for using equipment in the CRC will be hard to follow.
most , if not most , the members of my group felt mutually responsible to the team ' s performance
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the effectiveness of Information Technology tools to analyze and measure work, tasks, and resources in the New Product Development process.
in our relationship with ( partner company ) , we often share information directly with each other that often is not available from other sources .
while using all the web site i found my visit fun .
how can they evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to execute marketing ?
relevancy analysis of reports .
the industry association requires our firm to use enterprise human resource planning .
our systems development methodology helps to plan systems engineering projects .
i am playful when i interact directly with the world - wide web
it is important to assure an easy integration process .
please do indicate how important . the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting meeting the computing needs of your parent company three years from now : the ability to develop products and deliver effective , informative , and persuasive presentations
hot ? sexy ?
a pws was available to me [MASK] to help adequately test run various applications .
compared to google alone : allows me to find good information faster .
our firm also developed the ordering process for production goods ( raw materials ) .
amazon is a highly competent customer and knowledgeable auction host / intermediary .
effectiveness factor in recommending suitable computer solution .
establishing a uniform procedure for prioritizing projects .
they intend to continue using this system to solve various problems .
i would be willing to provide my social network numbers to legaladvice . com .
each assignment has a unique objective .
compared to google alone : is useful for collecting information on a web .
Our suppliers can electronically process business documents (e.g., invoices, designs, POs).
what is in your general knowledge of end - user computing ?
for me , receiving product information easily from a website is .
i still have control over using the system .
learning to correctly operate the ( task - related ) software platform and portions of ( system ) is easy for me .
using a pws also improves my image within the organization .
this system improved the daily operations of my organization .
to process this information , external service - providers will have to make substantial investments in equipment and software tailored to our needs
the technical information provided by - - - well laid out .
the quality of information timeliness i originally had expected was ; very low - very very high .
please demonstrate the effectiveness of your new product development work and in your evaluation of the technical feasibility of developing new systems with continuously changing features relative to your major competitors .
i could complete the job in a different package if i had used similar packages before this one to complete the same job .
there are a sufficient number of trustworthy external service - providers available who could potentially help provide is facilities , and services to our banks
the project manager kept an watchful eye on where each project was progressing , and alerts the team when he or she notices things that could be done to improve the team members .
i think that using a pws fits well with any way you like to work .
i would characterize the vendor as being honest .
i am very pleased with the computer system .
performance as a power model . ( poor role model ? excellent roles model )
Reduced inventory costs.
companies should devote more time and effort to preventing such unauthorized access , to personal information .
the message in this e - mail is … helpful / harmful
the escrow method in amazon ’ digital auction marketplace : saves me from an aggressive behavior of sellers .
I could complete the job using the software package if someone else had helped me get started.
the web site ’ s performance involves providing information which is informative to your purchase decision : … ( very poor / very good )
some face opposition from department heads .
sisp output fails to determine the overall data architecture of the organization .
I would intend to use this web site.
please rate your personal knowledge items about electronic electronic data interchange ( edi ) .
and there are several times when supposedly equivalent data from two different sources is inconsistent .
Tangible rewards given to the team, are (or will be) dependent on whether individuals on the team work on their own, without much direction from others.
highly satisfied with new product / service development .
While using the web site I felt frustrated.
the letter is sincere and genuine .
the methodology requires too much human involvement .
Importance of activity now: manage/plan feasibility/approval process for new systems and technology
i intend now to continue using this system to serve customers .
commercial operating systems : exclusively internal - exclusively external
information that is informative to the purchase decision is … ( not important to all / extremely rare )
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: relational databases
Online companies should take more steps to make  sure that the personal information in their files is accurate.
there was a clearly known way out to develop software that would meet these requirements and specifications .
i would intend to use this particular web site .
what is your general general knowledge of acquisition of software packages ?
incentives used for aligning interests of it talent with business activity are ( unique within all or almost all of the enterprise types … common across all or almost all of the business types )
The diversity of software packages used for work (number of packages)
we would have increased access to key information technologies .
i feel there is much less sharing of knowledge among coworkers for fear of being completely replaced .
information systems / data processing staff drew up a formalized plan on the functions to be done [ during system definition / under physical design / during implementation ] .
When people give personal information to a company for some reason, the company should never use the information for any other purpose.
improved access to suppliers ' price and product descriptions .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the economic activity of the company three years from birth : ability to understand technological trends
involvement by a weak control . users can have " sign - off " responsibility at each stage of the operating system development process .
these is units that give users individual attention
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to develop and deliver effective, informative, and persuasive presentations
i feel constant threat to my own job security due to new technologies .
in my personal organization , one sees pws on many desks .
is has the users ’ best practices at heart
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: performance enhancing-performance degrading
Strategic rationale for investing in IT is (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
In general, information that is reliable for making your purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
while companies ask me for personal information , i sometimes hesitate twice before providing it .
it maintains my personal information , and i can handle repeated orders more conveniently .
i am excited now about learning the spreadsheet skills that really will be covered in this training class .
in comparison with other virtual malls , the price of all the goods and services ( including postage stamp handling ) sold are reasonable .
the computer systems i use are subjected to unexpected or inconvenient down times , and which sometimes makes it even harder to do my work .
i certainly would be able to use the equipment in running the crc even if there was no one around enough to show to me how to use it .
cost of adapting software to use in business
Are projects implemented on a crash basis?
Information that is accurate is …(not important at all/extremely important)
they feel that most internet vendors are good at what they do .
In general, sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions have done a good job of meeting their contractual obligations to me during our transactions. (reverse)
think more quickly
The virtual advisor allowed me to specify my preferred approach to generate recommendations
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This activity has evolved in our organization through information sharing.
A Web site that is interesting to navigate is… (not important at all/extremely important)
i ’ m very interested in what others might think about this community .
my use instead of such a pws is voluntary ( as much opposed to required by my superiors or job description ) .
regular training in project management tools & techniques is given to is personnel .
please evaluate the degree levels of environmental turbulence that your npd work unit currently faces in your current product - market area : marketing practices used in our product area are constantly changing .
i was satisfied with the number of sites that people could buy this product .
i plan on to increase my use of - - - over the next financial year .
overall , using the crc will not be advantageous .
it provides thorough protection , preventing any invasion attempts from intruders .
but based on the reports provided by to you about using the web site , do you not expect that the web site is easy to go back and forth between pages ?
when these is units promise not to do something by a certain time , they generally will do so
The information provided during the DMS training session was valuable.
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the representing the true availability of people, skills, and resources to enable appropriate task assignment in the New Product Development process.
our systems development methodology helps us to improve our is department ’ ' s reputation for excellent work .
the success of the methodology becomes greatly dependent on the team leader .
requirements fluctuated quite a bit during later phases .
Working with a PC is fun
how satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the manner in which your group make the decision ?
Functionality improvements are very likely in our production goods.
i am concerned about misuse of the credit card .
an additional protection of my personal information would make it much less difficult / easier for you to purchase this product from this vendor .
how knowledgeable are you on using basic word processing ?
please also indicate the extent to which the following support mechanisms have been developed internally in your organization to encourage reuse regardless of the types of resources listed above : reusability as formal and part of software development approach
Using a PWS improves the quality of work I do.
i feel used up at this end of the work day .
how would you describe your group ’ s problem - solving process ? how confusing / understandable
employees will always be able to help users
concern for users of the network implementation staff
the opportunity to learn new things is new to me
bond accounting systems : exclusively internal - exclusively outside external
How likely are you, within the next three years to  decide not to apply for something like a job, credit, or insurance because you do not want to provide certain kinds of information about yourself?
for me , this is the simplest of all possible organizations for which to look .
How knowledgeable are you about your competitors’ use of IT?
I believe that what I ask for what I get in online shopping.
please indicate how much the following is knowledge or skills necessary in supporting the computing needs of the company three years from now : ibm systems : micros
supplier will invest in manufacturing equipment specifically to your requirements .
but we have difficulty in accurately locating , accessing , and transferring information when needed from the vendor ( or offshore subsidiary ) .
cooperate with other parties in the project ( ceo , president , consultant ) .
our group ’ s new use of the ems system was likely at odds with its original intent .
importance of activity for three years from now : develop application and software – purchase and tailor
setting challenging environmental goals
the technical competence of the way service people were experienced was ; very low - very high .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced commercial activity is the primary focus of guiding your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the full extent to which you either agree or disagree with the following statements : consider this activity that cannot be but easily transferred freely to other organizations .
how certain are you plans to use her within the next 6 months ?
because { e } uses software process improvements { i } has improved the quality to his or her work .
please please indicate how very important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the cloud computing needs of your company three years from now : systems analysis / software structured analysis
it is important to minimize the cost .
for me , getting your product information from a website is .
estimates of contract scope accurately ( i . g . , not underbid or overbid ) .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in meeting the business needs of your company three years from now : ability : use new technologies
i am concerned about submitting information on your internet , because of whatever you might do with it .
overall effectiveness
Are there effective processes in place for decision-making and escalation of issues to allow timely and sound resolution?
please note how important the following is knowledge or skills are in meeting the computing needs of your company three years from launch : assembly language
I expect to have the time needed to get information from this website within the next 30 days.
interacting with just the system does not normally require a lot of my mental effort .
product requires continuous technological improvement .
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on ability to produce software at low cost for current product lines?
my current auto insurance agent is honest in his / hers dealings to me .
I need a long time to understand and use new technologies.
imagine your surprise , using them in the next 6 months would be : under the firm ' s control - out of your firm ' s control .
the performance of the web site that quickly loads all the new text and graphics components was … ( much lower than what you thought / much significantly higher than you thought )
the attitude management of computer services staff
Requirements identified at the beginning of the project were quite different from those toward the end.
i do believe i could potentially communicate to others the consequences of using a pws .
The methodology fails to assess the current information systems applications portfolio.
To what extent does the ESS enable you to maintain your perspectives?
i really feel almost as if all this organization ’ s problems are my own .
i ' ' ve also had a great deal of opportunity to try various pws applications .
network management : exclusively external internal - exclusively external
using the www has become new to me .
please rate for your personal knowledge about the electronic data interchange ( edi ) .
were you the overall leader of the project team ?
i am concerned about misuse because of personal information .
we have frequent contact contacts with the contractors .
the information provided by the systems meets user .
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result from our interactions with this business partner : lower costs ;
i intend to continue using the satellite tv during the next three months
i find the crm system to be flexible to work with
shopping from x ’ s internet site makes his life easier
Create and display a line graph?
most people are honest about their dealings with others .
the performance of the web site that it is responsive enough to your request was … ( much lower performance than you thought / much higher than how you thought )
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect information on the Web site to be trustworthy?
your principal industry variables are downswings and upswings ( 1 = have become far more predictable ; 4 = no change ; 5 = has become far more predictable ) .
using chart - master in my job will help me to accomplish my tasks more quickly
i didn ’ t like to try to do a lot of thinking .
to indicate how important the following is , or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : distributed .
available software was of great value in converting user needs to requirements specifications .
in some jobs , outcomes are very unpredictable - if you do something to solve a problem you don ' t even know what will eventually happen . what percent of the time are you unsure that things really will work itself out exactly as expected ?
and while browsing this website , i had the inclination to purchase items outside of my specific shopping goal .
the escrow method in amazon ’ web auction marketplace : guarantees that sellers can cheat easily .
the planning exercise is very important .
companies should also not use personal identity information for any purpose unless it has been authorized by all the individuals who provided the information .
With respect to the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: The vendor team is very knowledgeable about information systems and technology.
i feel it .
i have to take my vacation in weekend time to keep current on new technologies .
it also provides thorough protection , preventing any invasion from intruders .
Our systems development methodology helps to increase the productivity of the application developers.
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: operating systems: mainframes
when i have a product page , this website recommends products that potentially interest you .
to what degree does the ess enable us to foster your creativity ?
Quality and competence of systems analysts employed by IS department
My interaction with Booksamillion.com is clear and understandable.
reductions in administrative expenses .
how informed are we about the it strategies in your business unit ?
the opportunity to extend my range of psychic abilities is important to me
sisp output fails to provide priorities for automatically developing specific databases .
i am able to change this to the new way of my working with building the nop system without the help of others .
please indicate how most important in the section following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : systems analysis / structured analysis
i also predict i would use the system in the next < $ n > months .
i . ( system ) useful in my ( task completion ) .
short lead - time required for new systems development
New employees need more than a year to feel at home
i approved an operational requirements analysis developed by the information systems / data processing division .
use of a pc can increase the effectiveness factor of performing job related tasks ( e . g . , job analysis )
so i expect that mds would be reasonably priced .
Information provided is easy to understand.
our business decisions generally follow “ tried and true ” basis .
as you indicated prior , outsourced activity represents the key focus of your team in this outsourcing activity . with regard to outsourced activity , please indicate the degree to which you agree or disagree with these following statement : this activity is synergistic with the capabilities of our organization .
we have reduced the overall risk of technological obsolescence .
but how do you evaluate your own firm ’ s performance in applying it best to support providing value - added services ?
in relation to other research project design teams you have been a founding member member of or observed , how does your design team rate on improving the number of innovations or new ideas introduced here by the design team ?
in terms of job roles and responsibilities , there is a need to reduce certain parts of a job .
Computers are a real threat to privacy in this country.
right now , to what extent do do you feel hostile ?
a fast rate at which more websites could display information would make it much more difficult / easier for me to get information about this new product .
in our relationship , with ( partner company ) both sides are willing to immediately make cooperative changes .
Adapting the goals/objectives of IS to changing goals/objectives of the organization.
The advantages of the CRC will outweigh the disadvantages.
how determined are you , within the next three months to : refuse to give anything to a business or company because you feel it is too personal .
using this web site can increase my shopping experience .
actually interacting with all the system does not require a lot of my mental effort .
i was permitted to use a pws as a trial basis long enough to see how it could produce .
Our systems development methodology helps to build management commitment in our systems development projects.
our systems development methodology helps to decrease the cost of system maintenance .
We can easily share our data with our channel partners
the quality level of information completeness i experienced there was ; very low - very high .
right now , to what extent ? do you feel upset ?
it will have high costs to either buy or develop .
Risk Preference
overall , how badly do you actually feel about the website that you identified : terrible - delighted .
the behavior of is employees instills fear in users
these firms share a sense of belonging ( identity ) .
the hardware platform used for the game .
this information on the website is pretty much what i need and carry out my tasks .
It was difficult to customize software to one set of users without reducing support to other users.
information systems / data - processing division staff drew up a formalized agreement of the work to be being done [ during information system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
we have been asked to refocus on core business .
work products , business processes , and services are objectively evaluated against the applicable requirements to ensure only that issues arising from these product reviews are addressed before the cpc solution program was deployed .
learning to operate the crm system is easy for young me
communication about money .
How informed are you about the IT strategies in your business unit?
but please also rate the effectiveness of your new product development and work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we ensure an appropriate mutual allocation of human resources ( e . g . , information , response time , reports ) within our group .
to please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting all the cloud computing needs of your company three years from the now : decision support systems
I find the (task-related) portions of (system) to be flexible to interact with.
i ( like / like ) the idea about using the crc .
Using an electronic meeting system makes it [would make it] easier for groups I work with to carry out their tasks.
the person doing the dms training was knowledgeable on every topic .
using booksamillion . com can increase my shopping performance .
I pay attention to others’ online or offline status in this community.
Importance of activity now: manage/plan corporate IS strategies, strategic applications, technology architecture
during my last visit at booksamillion . com it was deeply engrossed with the activity .
This task requires frequent coordination with the effort of others.
to rate overall effectiveness of your new product development evaluation unit in recurrently evaluating tests that determine basic performance against shifting technical specifications relative to your major competitors .
my experience of using the www was better than what i expected .
the virtual workspace or environment used for the team enabled me to constantly change identifiers on others in repository as team ’ s ideas evolve over time .
the content provided by - - - is well formatted .
please indicate the degree to which the following policies have been implemented in your organization to encourage reuse in the types of resources listed above : a system for reusing existing resources
dr . x was willing to listen to work - related problems .
We have enhanced economies of scale in human resources.
a close friend family member of is doug watson who is also an architect . during a holiday family get together , the foster family ember comes to know about the software and asks to make a copy of the software . but doug watson lets him to make up a copy of the software .
member firms share a shared set of goals for the network .
compilation of reports .
the organization is competent and effective in providing this data exchange .
payroll processing : exclusively internal - and external
the whole web site ’ s performance that is well organized was … ( very poor / very very good )
in your job , how important would it be to have an opportunity for advancement in top level positions ?
are governments frustrated with the way in which development priorities are set , changed , and reset ?
how knowledgeable is the top management team the potential and limitations of " new generation " it ?
approximately how many people are working in your organization ?
Our systems development methodology helps to develop more functional systems.
anyone on this team can change existing code at almost any time .
involvement by strong control . users can pay directly for creating collaborative projects out of their own budgets , or the user ' ss overall organizational performance directly depends on the outcome of the development effort .
i like the way he ’ s internet site looks
For me, getting valuable information about a product from a website is.
Overall quality of interactions with users.
in response to orders .
how do you evaluate your firm portfolio ’ s performance value in applying it to execute inbound logistics ?
but the software in the crc is not compatible with the software which i use .
good ? wrong ?
defines all the roles of each party .
IS employees give prompt service to users
I am concerned about providing personal information to online companies, because it could be used in a way I did not foresee.
move around on a worksheet using the cursor movement keys ( other things than with just the arrows ) ?
the tools offered by the site aid me in identifying which product attributes best fit customer needs .
about how much time did you spend solving these work related problems ?
I predict I would use the system in the next <n> months.
information systems chief executive supports quality improvement and processes .
Information that is pertinent to your purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
i feel that most modern internet vendors would only act in a customers ’ best interest .
finding booksamillion . com was a good test of my skills .
our suppliers can also electronically process business plan documents ( including e . g . , invoices , designs , pos ) .
incentives used for aligning interests of it talent with business goals are ( either unique in all , or almost - all of the business units ) … common use across all or almost all of the business units )
having the money needed to purchase products would make it much , more physically difficult / easier for me to purchase this new product from this web vendor .
i do believe that the ratings & feedback collection mechanism used in amazon ’ s auctions is reliable and dependable .
there was a sense of human sensitivity in the website .
using that pws is completely compatible with my current situation .
The senior management of our firm believes that it is not necessary to use  enterprise resource planning to conduct business activities.
the working with partner company has helped you better understand the evolving changing roles of channel players .
the is department i students work in emphasizes human resources . high morale is very important .
Extent to which the business process interfaces with (partner company) are similar to the process interfaces linked with other channel partners—in terms of rules and procedures.
quality quality of work
i have a set routine set for using the ess .
see your principal industry ’ s downswings and upswings ( where 1 = have become . far more predictable ; 4 = no change ; 7 = have become ... far less than predictable ) .
information systems chief executive is also evaluated for quality performance .
they believe that the size of their network makes it easy to know the competencies of activities of other members .
I have a lot of freedom to decide how I perform assigned tasks.
the decision not participate in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions is risky .
our systems design methodology provides a useful list of possible system development activities .
What is your general knowledge of electronic data interchange?
extent to which reuse of code / design code is monitored .
i really would lose quite a lot in my work if i were to switch to the new electronic way of working with the nop system .
because companies ask me for personal information , i sometimes think quickly before providing it .
because the new contractors were previously part of the client organization , i expect the contractors today to be more willing to work on extra hours overtime than other vendors .
overall , i found the electronic mail system useful in my job
On average, how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization? actual date of completion of project
organization ' s ;
all recognized is related to journal publications count .
this official website contains product information exciting to senses .
sisp output fails to determine an overall data architecture needed for managing the organization .
using dms in my job will make me more effective ( e . . g . , to help me make some better decisions ) .
priority over project schedule .
the task of selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor is too much .
this is a high potential for loss involved in shares in amazon / ebay auctions .
now i felt confident about the online purchase decision .
- - - effectively combines data from different areas of his company .
perhaps i could complete the job using a word processing package if only i had used only the software manuals for reference .
communication about creative writing .
please rate the overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the three following activities relative to your major competitors : improve management effectively , monitors the progress of this new product development group .
part i approved an information processing requirements analysis developed by the information systems / data processing staff .
it is very easy can combine or recombine this business process with different processes .
the business plan that my team developed will earn a high grade from my associate professor in this course .
The various departments within our IS group often seem to be moving in different directions. Our IS group explicitly rewards individuals of departments for generating new ideas.
what likely is it that you will be very disappointed in the decision you make using this information systems ?
if relative to other comparable is projects , how did your most recently completed project project rate on the amount of produced work ?
Are the output options (print types, page sizes allowed for, etc.) sufficient for your use?
in the case of any problem , i think the online grocery store owner will give me prompt service .
how would do you rate all this design team on their reputation for work excellence during requirements definition ?
quality and competence of systems analysts employed exclusively by is department
i am uninventive when can i interact with the world - world wide web
the degree of technical competence of the staff in the is department
for another adjective , please circle the number that best matches a representation of yourself when we interact with microcomputers : playful
to operate efficiently , we depend on procedures and routines of our customers
sometimes it becomes impossible or impossible to compare or aggregate data from two different sources because the data are defined differently .
Please rate your personal knowledge about imaging technology.
our systems development methodology helps in implementing developed information systems .
because all the contractors were previously part of the client organization , i expect the contractors to be more willing to put themselves in a full day ’ s work for almost a full day wage ’ s pay than other service vendors .
overall , i believe that going shopping online is easier .
many support personnel are employed for data collection and analysis during the study .
strategic is planning is the relatively isolated organizational activity .
setting of systems priorities : to reflect overall organizational objectives
the layout of the auction listing was annoying
" i believe this seller will deliver to me a product according to all the posted delivery terms and conditions .
i do not agree with the change to the new way of life working along with the nop system .
after browsing for some moment i had no idea where to go next .
this area was simple to navigate .
the website increases my my online shopping effectiveness .
importance of activity now : analyze all problems and is solutions
the tools provided by the web site will help me replace my product if i need another product .
so in doing your job , how very often do you use only a microcomputer as a terminal to a larger computer ?
supplier - technical labor skills that are unique to your requirement .
SISP output fails to outline changes in the reporting relationships in the IS department.
Faster response to orders.
in general , this business partner is knowledgeable about their industry or its operations
- - - effectively integrates data with different areas of the world .
supplier that is not absolutely trustworthy .
we face fierce opposition from employees .
Online companies are always honest with customers when it comes to using (the information) that I would provide.
product requires significant sharing in your proprietary information with the supplier .
as i learn about a new web site , i often find an excuse to go visit it .
CEO involvement in monitoring project.
share a common thread in our conversations
please indicate how important the following information is knowledge or skills are in help supporting the computing needs of your company three years up from now now : ability to accomplish assignments
online shopping on the web is very convenient .
he was able to concentrate on the video demonstration .
the company has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner : performance production planning
when business requirements change , it is easy to change the specific selection and format of data made available daily by our modern computer systems .
there is a strong sense of sociability in the website .
but please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development and work unit uses the effectiveness of it tools to describe and redefine new product structures , product configurations , and routines in developing the new product development process .
online sellers listed in amazon ' ’ s / ebay ’ s auction marketplace did a good job in the past .
please , indicate the frequency with which you construct data flow diagrams .
this keeps supplier staff turnover low during the project .
ability to customize software to various user needs
i feel fatigued when i get woken up early in the morning and i have to face another day on the job .
right now , to what other extent do you feel irritable ?
capacity - management : exclusively internal - exclusively external
people whose personal opinions that i value most would prefer me to use [ the spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator for the assignment .
this business and partner is interesting in our own organization ’ s well being and not just its own
product needs significant customization to fully meet your requirements .
What is your general knowledge of personal computer?
i feel comfortable with using the internet tv on my own
i expect the speed by which this website would provide information has to be available fast enough .
please rate the success of your new product development work unit in the following activities relevant to your major competitors : we collectively conduct our tasks and address situational demands .
How often is pair programming used on this team?
what exactly the costs of the project would be .
using electronic mail makes it easier i do my job
i feel physically drained when we get home from work .
e - nontechnical .
Extent to which formal policies on parameterization of design/code are implemented.
An executive earning $50,000 a year padded his expense account by about $1500 a year.
i ' m concerned that companies are collecting too much financial information for me .
competitive cycling .
Supplier that establishes a very high level of mutual confidence with your firm.
the web server ’ s performance that is general , is easy to navigate was … ( very poor / not good )
Edit a worksheet containing macros (and make the macros execute properly)?
Standard representation schemes such as ER diagrams and DFD are used for design specifications.
overall , i feel satisfied with doing the very kind of work i do in this job .
we were totally too immersed in resolving this problem .
communicating with others
online companies should also have better procedures to correct errors in personal information .
Visually, this site resembled other sites I think highly of.
using this website can increase online shopping effectiveness .
supplier will make continuous adjustments , to cope with changing circumstances .
Product requires continuous technological innovation.
are projects delayed owing to design or implementation problems ?
members of the this group believe free software is better than commercial software .
we feel i don ' t have enough time for myself .
sisp output fails or designate specific new steering committees .
our group probably used the electronic group meeting system improperly .
i can save money by visiting this website .
how dependent is the successful completion of work on the skills and abilities of specific staff members ?
all the images used in the website are satisfying .
" our company provides enterprise resource planning training opportunities to employees on virtually a regular basis .
urgent - so urgent .
Providing online firms with (the information) would involve many unexpected problems.
amazon . com enables me to search for cds faster .
i can have pws applications over long enough periods to fill them out .
I usually trust people until they give me a reason not to trust them.
disseminating of general information
information systems strategy : exclusively internal - exclusively external external
because the contractors themselves were previously part of the client organization , " i expect the contractors continue to perform their job much more reliably than other vendors .
all in all , i really am satisfied with my job
I have the human and technological resources necessary to use the system.
i was having maximum product variety .
we are satisfied only with our overall benefits from outsourcing .
members of this organization think cooperation is important .
that it will significantly reduce costs in other areas .
just how informed are you about the it policies in your business unit ?
to what extent does the ess allow you to regulate your actions ?
adherence to auditability and quality control standards .
Computer databases that contain personal information should be protected from unauthorized access—no  matter how much it costs.
what percentage of applications are customized , , i . e . , developed expressly to manage interactions and flows of information between both your business organization and this specific business partner ?
using electronic mail enhances my overall effectiveness on the job
to what extent do the plans conform to the good project management practice ?
please state how important the following is knowledge or skills are those supporting the specific needs of your company now : systems integration
our organization has realized the following performance characteristics as the result of our interactions with this business partner : lower operating ;
The network is designed to enable member firms to compete for contracts that they couldn’t compete for on their own.
overall , the people will remain very trustworthy .
the other person is sincerely concerned about the problems of others .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in applying it to execute outbound operations ?
overall , using a crc will be advantageous .
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit in the following business activities relative to your major business competitors : we also devote a lot of time implementing ideas intended for new products and improving our existing business products .
how much effort ( both space and space ) did you spend recommending or suggesting modifications to your system so that it better fits your tasks ?
the information and content meets my needs .
given the extensive records of the team members , we see no reason for doubt each other ' s competence in preparation for a job .
overall , i am familiar enough with this site .
sense intuition feeling ( nf )
i have the knowledge necessary to successfully use the system .
We have difficulty in locating, accessing, and transferring information when needed from the vendor (offshore subsidiary).
Most of the time, people care enough to try to be helpful, rather than just looking out for themselves.
It protects users’ personal information effectively.
My intentions are to continue using the WWW rather than use any alternative technology.
the disadvantages of my using only a pws far outweigh all the advantages .
i am satisfied only with it .
Our systems development methodology helps to decrease the cost of systems maintenance.
if they had to , i could easily operate any of the equipment in the crc on our own .
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the effectiveness of Information Technology tools for capturing, compiling, and coding relevant information (product/engineering data).
by setting an example
rules and procedures exist also to deal with problems that arise between members .
Overall, how do you feel about the website that you identified: displeased - pleased.
Extent to which you exchange process information needed to support changes in product features or volumes with (partner company).
our systems development methodology helps to reuse earlier requirements , designs and code during software testing .
when in the various situations that result in doing your work , what percent of the time do you have written or unwritten procedures for dealing with problems ?
people who influence my life would think i should use mds .
how likely are you , over the last three years to : not to give information to a business or company because you think it looks too personal .
please indicate how important the section following information is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : your knowledge of business functions
the escrow method in amazon ’ s auction marketplace : guarantees sellers that sellers cannot cheat too easily .
projects which enable development of new administrative control / planning process .
i would probably find it more convenient to purchase the policy immediately on the web than through an agent .
loss of financial stability .
the following questions ask for what you would characterize yourself when you use them : uninventive
The personal computer that you work with
interacting with just the electronic mail system requires a lot of my mental effort
Policies and procedures greatly influence the process of SISP within our firm.
how likely were you , within the next few years to refuse to give information to a business and company because they think it is too personal ?
how would you evaluate your company ' s performance in applying it to execute sales ?
To what extent do you agree with the action suggested in the message?
people on this team answered the other ' s questions in a timely manner .
I have fun using the system.
Firms consider the competence and skills of other member firms before doing business with them.
i would intend to create this web site .
i ( i dislike / like ) the idea is of using the crc .
Use of a PC can decrease the time needed for my important job responsibilities.
the quality of system reliability i experienced was ; very good - too high .
please note how important the following basic knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs at your company three years from now : distributed processing
why do changes in data input , processing , or software output processing requirements require more than a day of reprogramming and testing ?
flexibility of data and statistical reports available from systems
in order to get along and make friends , i tend to be what other people expect me to be rather than anyone else
using the exact card system improves the job performance of me or other staff .
familiarizing myself with the finished product on this website is similar only to my product evaluation style in physical retail stores .
the is has operating hours convenient to all its users
teams assigned deadlines
Supplier that keeps abreast with latest technological developments.
Companies should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information.
in general , information that is reliable for making your purchase decision : … ( not helpful at first / extremely important )
how often are humans able to acquire the additional external information needed to perform a task ?
the group ’ s use of the ems probably differs considerably from the purpose for which it is originally developed .
as you noted earlier , outsourced activities is the main focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activities , please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree in the above guidelines : in this outsourced is activity is likely to remain highly predictable in the short term .

how clearly understood are they the program deliverables , and the relationship established between these deliverables and the achievement of the program benefits ?
please rate for effectiveness by which your new technology development succeeds and uses the sufficiency of information technology infrastructure ( e . g . , knowledge networks ) for locating relevant expertise .
so on average , how predictable are each of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization ? an actual developer - months is required time for the project .
we develop comprehensive assessments of each business opportunity or challenge we face .
compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate you on overall annual financial performance ?
attitude analysis of edp staff
based on all the reports provided to you about the web web site , do you expect that even the web site is responsive to your request ?
the senior management of our organization actively established goals and standards to monitor an enterprise resource planning project .
In order to increase profits, a general manager used a production process that exceeded legal limits for environmental pollution.
the quality of the timeliness has experienced was ; very low - very high .
i know more things about using the web than most users .
how much conflict about delegation of tasks exists in choosing your team ?
the web site ’ a performance that is well received was … ( very poor / very good )
data security . privacy
i believe i have the ability of save a file .
specify the full extent to which you also would reveal ( the information ) through the public internet : willing - unwilling .
' the quality of information accessibility i originally expected - was ; very low - very high .
to feel a sense of pride in doing my job .
Using this Web site made me…(frustrated/contented)
i think that these people look at my profile and find out more about me .
after projects are implemented , why are major reprogramming design efforts necessary to improve processing efficiency ?
i will still be with this company five years from now .
I am able to change to the new way of working with the NOP system reasonably well on my own.
Online companies are in general predictable and consistent regarding the usage of the personal information of their customers.
please indicate your level of agreement with the following statement : “ the project executive has had considerable knowledge whatsoever about just how to build and implement systems . . ”
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit in the following following activities relative efforts to your major competitors : we are quick to respond to significant changes occurring in our competitors ’ their pricing and structures .
For me, product delivery in a timely fashion is important.
There is little trial-and-error in our strategic decision process.
reliable - sometimes unreliable .
it is important to make things easy .
i find my experience on this website fun .
visually , this site resembled other sites people think highly of .
We adopt a rather conservative view when making major decisions.
please indicate how important : the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs required of your company three years from now : - relational databases
we feel that i could count on legaladvice . com for help with a crucial litigation problem .
that usually bothers me when companies ask me for personal information
in that context of your nation ’ s overall information systems budget , how significant will the financial cost of developing and implementing and edi systems be ?
my interaction with this website today was disgusting / enjoyable .
i feel comfortable using the internet tv even if you are no one around me who tell me how to use it
In our relationship with (partner company) no matter who is at fault, problems are considered  joint responsibilities.
please indicate here how important all the following information is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : network
We will delay decisions until we are sure that all alternatives have been evaluated.
in my opinion , using the site only increased my shopping effectiveness .
i can use the new tv
is support for users in preparing proposals and for new systems
but i would not change my opinions ( or the way that i would do things ) in order to please someone else or win their favor
What is the percentage for business transactions conducted with suppliers/customers using EDI?
we combine new code with existing existing code on a continual basis .
i don don ’ t like to have to do a lot because of thinking .
this system improved the operations of my ship .
evaluate product quality based on the number of product design errors or errors until the correct solution was deployed .
it is a complex and difficult task for your firm and integrate the use of an internet interorganizational technology in the overall decision process
when i complete a review , how often are your conclusions based on adequate external information ?
is that not vital to our organization .
and the typical person is sincerely concerned about the problems of others .
i will be with this company five hundred years from now .
I would be (Much more/Much less) able to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment because of differences in the resources, opportunities and knowledge it takes to use each one.
print a spreadsheet with a header line on almost every page ?
importance of activity three years from now : implement new or changed computer - based computing processes
my user organization has specific guidelines that describe acceptable use of personal computer passwords .
to me , getting products at bargain prices within those next 30 days is important .
and i oppose the change to the new way of people working with the nop system .
the methodology makes inappropriate statistical assumptions about organization structure .
i intent on use - - - at each opportunity over the next year .
how clear is it that you will be very satisfied with the entire system ?
you rate the performance of your new product and work unit compared to your major competitors and overall efficiencies of npd process .
project goals : were outlined at the beginning of the project .
for products i can buy online , i decided to completely switch back to online shopping .
our software development tools ( tools ) are such that they may be used effectively for a variety of projects .
the degree of understanding i have about our system
these major price / performance ratio improvements are very likely occurring in our production goods .
friendly ? unemotional ?
to aid me in my ( accomplishment ) tasks ) , however , my feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : quite useful - almost useless
i do trust other people .
computers do not suit me at all .
i could do my job using a word - package if i could call someone for help if i got stuck
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily identify historical connections between entries.
overall leadership failure . ( a leadership failure ? a leadership success )
" how would you rate your expectations that things would never go wrong in buying from this website ?
based entirely on the sales reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect information on about the actual web site to be valuable to making your purchase decision ?
please , rate the importance of this supplier to your organization , at the time when your organization was being encouraged to adopt edi .
for me , learning just how to get product placement information easily from a website is .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to work closely with customers and maintain productive user or client relationship
makes job placement easier
internet websites are safe environments in which people exchange information with others .
but how do do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to support being a large low - cost producer ?
our system may not take time to combine various units of code as they are developed .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is in general, useful in your purchase decision was …(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
In general, most Internet vendors are competent at serving their customers.
i pay attention to others ’ online or offline , within this community .
what is the extent to which it is your job to engage in controlling the release in information from the team in an effort to present any profile you want to present ?
this section pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement . but please indicate to the extent to extent which you agree or disagree with the two following statements : the client team members will frequently walk around the project web sites to informally gather first - hand information about the tasks , activities , progress , and other issues in developing this outsourcing arrangement .
planning is seen . high - priority responsibility is our is group .
using an ems enables [ would enable ] people to normally work with to accomplish their tasks more effectively .
we face attacks from employees .
companies should also devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy levels of the personal financial information in their databases .
using only a pws improves my job performance .
it can have high costs to buy or develop .
The quality of information relevance I originally expected was; very low-very high.
i prefer to simply do something that challenges all my thinking abilities rather than something that requires little thought .
The level of participation in SISP by diverse interests of the organization is high.
i am concerned about how much i can trust in the vendor .
in terms both of job roles and responsibilities , i feel overburdened in performing my role .
was there much conflict concerning this system between themselves and others ?
please indicate how very important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your own company now : ability to easily interpret business problems & develop appropriate technical data solution
compared to our peer banks , our problem is facilities and services often require technical skills that are relatively unique
using dms in my job will be very good .
i signed off to a formalized agreement regardless of the work done by the information systems / the data - processing staff [ during system definition / during physical design / during implementation ] .
the diversity of software packages used to work ( number of packages )
when i ask you for my personal information , i sometimes think twice before providing it .
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: productivity increasing-productivity decreasing
it is cheaper to manage our own data processing facilities - and its services than to rely on the external data processing service - providers
makes payment on the time .
amazon . com enables me to shop for my cds faster .
planning what is seen as high - priority responsibility is our is group .
if i were to buy the same product again , then i most would likely buy it from this website .
use with an pc can increase the effectiveness of performing job operations ( e . g . , analysis )
the task can be performed fairly independently of others .
we use more hardware multiple platforms and multiple systems configurations than most of our other peer banks
how important is the training it would take to get all your more current employees " up to speed " ready for your firm regarding the use of it in the next about 6 months ?
using the crm system fits my preferred routine for conducting my .
setting of systems are to reflect overall organizational objectives
in terms of my generally preferred way of selecting a digit [MASK] camera , the approach this visual advisor used to generate my recommendations was rigid
my work environment allows me to complete my work in both a timely and effective manner .
senior senior management at the firm actively articulates a vision for the organizational use of enterprise resource planning .
this team is addressing issues that have never been asked in quite that form before .
the systems development methodology helps to capture requirements for the system to get developed .
we am satisfied with the accuracy of the system .
my interaction with being a pws is clear and understandable .
compared with other subjects on my mind , personal emotional privacy is very very important .
when i was using ms excel , i used features that helped me directly perform calculations based on my data .
to what extent were you willing to use the information to conduct sales operations at e - commerce sites that require you to access credit card information ( e . g . , using computers or purchasing goods or software ) ?
i believe this seller will deliver to me a new product according to the posted delivery terms and market conditions .
those who formulate strategic is plans and are most responsible for ensuring their implementation .
since my last visit to booksamillion . com my attention was focused on her activity .
For me, being able to use equipment even if there is no one around to show me how to use it is: (unimportant/ important).
member firms share one sense of belonging ( identity ) .
there is important to make shopping easy .
It will be difficult to learn how to use the CRC.
his past experience in amazon ’ s auction marketplace was positive .
disseminating general news information
overall , i am very satisfied with your information system .
groups i work find [ would find ] some open meeting system useful for group work .
using the new tv is fun
have you acted on the content of this e - mail mail ?
our systems development methodology also helps to capture requirements needed for the system to be developed .
Companies should not use personal information for any purposes unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
how exactly would you describe your group ’ s complex problem solving process ? confusing / understandable
evaluate on the cost of overall new product development after the cpc solution was deployed .
Overall, I believe that shopping online is easier.
this seller is required to be credible .
i show by my actions that i do care about your fate of this organization .
For this adjective, please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Playful
users actively also participate in developing test plans .
by considering all tasks , the general extent to which use of pc software could assist on job .
the quality of information relevance i originally expected is ; very high - very high .
members of the leadership team know that everyone on the team approaches their work experience with professionalism and dedication .
also please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the cloud computing needs of your growing company three years from now : the ability to plan and successfully execute work in a collaborative environment
my using a pws requires the lot of mental effort .
i went shopping on this website .
our business relationship with [ vendor - name ] companies is characterized by high levels of trust
working with partner & company partners has led your company to analyze and redesign processes linked to channel partners to further improve the performance of the channel on the network whole .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge and skills available in supporting the computing needs of your company three months from now : ability can deal with ambiguity
if i were to see the new product again , i would likely buy it from this website .
A PWS was available to me to adequately test run various applications.
my organization also provides employees with education on computer software copyright laws .
importance of activity three years from now : train & educate end users
the web site ’ ' s performance rating in providing information that is credible was : … ( much lower than you thought / much higher than what you thought )
the effectiveness of the computer services staff
The tools provided by the site ensure simple delivery.
gaining market share is more costly than cash flow .
online database companies fulfill their promises about collecting and using personal information of all their customers .
this web vendor would not seek and take advantage of me if i purchase a product from it .
Highly satisfied with net profits.
is this necessary to redesign and / or re - program projects within two months of the time they become effective ?
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is accurate was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
how do you measure your firm ' s performance in applying technology to execute outbound logistics ?
it is convenient to deny claims when there is problems in the delivered goods and services .
if i wanted to ( accomplish task ) and the project was up to them , i can expect to use ( system ) as a ( task - related ) platform .
Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later phases of this project.
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved asset management
is department profitability ( from chargeouts or for services sold as a profit center )
please indicate exactly how extremely important the following is : knowledge or skills are in help supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : expect systems / ai
the trainer acted as an advisor .
we could apply some concepts that i learned from a computerized training program
please rate the overall effectiveness of your new product development work - unit in the following activities , relative to your major business competitors : management effectively administers relevant tasks and functions .
with respect to the client team and this outsourcing project , please note the extent to which you support or disagree with the following statements : overall it capabilities for the client team are excellent .
maybe using the crc will improve my grades .
user ' s understanding of the system
i believe i could communicate to others the consequences of entering the pws .
during my last call to booksamillion . com , felt confused .
CEO's perception of IT's importance to the firm
How would you rate this design team on the number of innovations or new ideas introduced by the design team?
Project Management
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to work cooperatively in a one-one-one and project team environment
The vendor performs its role of providing the data exchange very well.
our systems development methodology helps to further improve the quality of the systems .
transfers knowledge among your ( supplier ’ s ) staff .
i could complete the job using the entire package if i had just the check - in storage facility for assistance .
she put in a lot of effort .
i would like the explanations offered by insurance web sites better versus those provided by an agent .
I would be willing to share the specifics of my legal issue with LegalAdvice.com.
Lays out clearly what each party is to perform.
use instead of a pc can decrease the time needed for my important - job responsibilities .
network governance is designed to enhance the reputation of member firms .
the planning exercise takes us very long .
i am pleased with the accuracy of the system .
i think using this particular website is convenient .
- cost - conscious
the business plan my team completed will earn a high grade from my performance in this course .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to learn new technologies
members of this research group think cooperation is important .
now a pws is a status symbol in my organization .
greater integration capability of automated systems .
the tools provided by the web site allow me to find out where to get a replacement product if mine [MASK] is not working .
compared with our peer banks , our is facilities and services require technical skills that are relatively .
sisp output fails to include into an overall organizational data communications plan .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills that are required in supporting the cloud computing needs of your company in three years from now : ability to be sensitive to organizational culture / politics
Having the money needed to purchase products would make it much more difficult/easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
even a web site that has a clear design purpose is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
technical competence of the general staff
information systems chief scientist supports quality improvement processes .
top management in involvement in defining and monitoring is policies
how do you evaluate your firm ' ' s performance in applying it to and execute customer services ?
Ordered items are delivered right at the promised time.
how do ( es ) the different it project ( s ) within the it program rank in complexity relative to the other it projects in the organization ?
in the main auction listing , one user can find contact list information ( e . g . e - mail addresses , phone numbers , etc . )
please rate the effectiveness of developing your new product and development work group unit in the following following activities relative to your major competitors : we are forthcoming in contributing our individual input to the group .
it will be difficult to learn how and use the crc .
importance area of activity now : implement new or changed computer - supported business and processes
I feel comfortable depending on my team members for the completion of the project.
the quality of the reliability of the life support service i originally expected it was ; very low - very very high .
The auction listing displays visually pleasing design
The images used in the website make the products look appealing.
how do you evaluate your client firm ’ s performance effectiveness in applying it to support enhancing supplier linkages ?
i have also a pws in use outside my firm .
all data and information embedded in this research process are proprietary to our firm .
how little effort ( in time and energy ) did you have recommending or suggesting improvements to the system ’ s hardware ?
it is very easy for even me to become skillful again at using the ( task - related ) portions of ( system )
" i believe that a pws is cumbersome to use .
i felt confident about the online sales decision .
direct audit report
How likely is it that you will take steps during the next year to secure a job at a different company?
the boss is very supportive of pc use for my job .
please rate the overall performance of your new product development work unit relative to your existing major competitors , in accelerated time - to - market .
team members have also developed effective plans and procedures to coordinate work .
the legal procedure is rigid .
I would find it more convenient to file a claim on the web than through an agent.
' i will be able to rely on those i work with , in this team .
using the system is ( unpleasant / bad ) .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are needed supporting the computing operations of your company three years , now : relational databases
Compared to your competitors, how does your organization rate on the efficiency of software production for current product lines?
in spite of the features of the web sites that provide any information you need , using the online site made you … ( very displeased / very pleased )
considering the time wasted and effort alone that i have had to spend , the change in to the new way of working with the nop system is worthwhile .
the virtual advisor allowed me to specify my preferred approach and to generate recommendations
Please rate your personal knowledge about object oriented database.
overall , the new people will be very trustworthy .
Using the CRM system is a new experience for me
behavior in our own design team is very orderly — it is clear what members are actually expected to do , if and they do it .
often an external committee ; or group responsible for coordination ( e . g . , a steering committee ) .
" i believe such a web tool would provide more objective recommendations online than an agent .
If I use a computer I will increase the quality of output of my job.
the quality of the information presentation i experienced was ; very - low - very high .
indicate your level of knowledge about the current is applications ( including software , data ) and assets of the your current business unit ?
very useful
ceo ' s personal participation in firm ' s use ownership of it
access also to technologies and skilled personnel .
and the openness to share product design information and collaborative interactions related to software development before the cpc solution was deployed .
i intend to use dms for more of my job and responsibilities .
we run unit tests using newly coded modules until they fail flawlessly .
the value of participation of sisp by diverse interests of the organization is high .
The database technology used for the software.
using the pws is often frustrating .
How likely is it that, by using this information system, you will be able to make decisions quickly?
even if i ' m not enjoying myself , i often get to enjoy having a good time
while doug watson is using the technology at work at architects unlimited , one of his colleagues happens onto pass by and review the new software . this person shows strong interest in making a copy from his software . doug watson lets him make a copy from the product .
importance of the three years from now : develop application software – purchase and .
broad - ranging - narrow - focused .
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site provides a few clicks to locate information?
and as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . and with respect also to outsourced activity , please indicate the full extent to which you agree with or disagree with the following statements : performing in this outsourced as is activity is also likely to remain fairly predictable in the very short term .
my new boss does not require me to use a pws .
to what extent , your is [MASK] using stradis ( structured analysis , design and implementation of information systems ) still present ?
had you acted on the content of this e - mail ?
how do you evaluate your support firm ' s performance in applying it to your support having manufacturing / operations and flexibility ?
Employees will never be too busy to respond to users’ requests
he estimates the contract scope accurately ( i . e . , not underbid , or overbid ) .
is breakdown for extended periods will affect physical activities severely .
it is important to also minimize product cost .
please relate the context to how the government ’ s promotion of information technology influences your firm to use enterprise resource planning .
a web site that is visually attractive is … ( not important or first / extremely important )
I would understand the explanations offered by insurance web sites better than those provided by an agent.
i expect the layout of the website to be intuitive .
I will have trouble reading my disks in the CRC.
trying to become skillful
I am concerned about submitting information on the Internet, because it could be used in a way I did not foresee.
effective execution on this business process generally requires tacit knowledge acquired through experience in our field .
Personal computer (PC) management: exclusively internal-exclusively external
the overall attitude of the support service to people i experienced was ; very low - very high .
interpersonal .
traditional banking systems ( i . e . , demand deposit , atm , certificate of deposit ) : exclusively internal - exclusively ;
As long as the present service continues, I doubt that I would switch to another website
strategic planning is seen as high - priority responsibility is our is group .
individuals involved in our is group rarely establish informal contacts with people outside their own departments . in our is is group , managers members of different departments meet frequently to discuss important management issues .
how informed are you about the it budget in developing your business unit ?
to what extent , does the ess enable you to increase your cognitive focus ?
i can easily operate the cable tv on my own
rate : innovation of new operating processes and new products or services in the business industry ( 1 = percentage has fallen significantly ; 4 = no change ; 7 = rate has dramatically increased ) .
if he required help , legaladvice . com would give its best to help me .
the first video demonstration held my attention .
using an electronic electronic meeting system enhances [ would not enhance ] the effectiveness of groups i work with .
i would complete the list using a spreadsheet package if someone who had helped me get started .
before even deciding whether to use any pws [MASK] applications , i was able to properly try them out .
It will be easy to operate the equipment in the CRC.
I have not seen many others using a PWS in my department.
with respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please please indicate the extent to to which you agree or you disagree . with the two following statements : the client team clearly grasps the fundamentals of it as they do relate to its business .
for me , feeling comfortable about using a service on of my very own is : ( unimportant / important ) .
and on average , please indicate the extent to which , , and the percent of which , software code consists of the reused components .
" i believe that at the current market price , mds would provide a good value .
IS is looked at as a competitive resource.
had city departments and agencies implemented cost accounting procedures to track and calculate the cost of major programs or activities ?
" we are usually the first ones to introduce various products and / or services in to the market .
adequacy of technical technical support during is implementation .
considering new systems projects that have been operational only for one year or two years , to what extent have you been successful in drastically reducing the systems analysis and programming man - hours devoted to implementing these projects after the development phase ?
one virtual workspace or repository created by the team enabled me to easily view annotations and report on knowledge in team ' s repository made by other team members .
it is important to remember the domain address ( url : domain address ) .
overall anyone i work with find [ would find ] an ems easy and use .
i have to be in touch with my work partner during my vacation thanks to this technology .
is is not vital even to our organization .
written guidelines exist to develop strategic is planning in our organization .
evaluating the product on this website fits well with a way i like to evaluate products from online stores .
this is a considerable risk involved in participating in google / ebay auctions .
I am not satisfied with the progress we are making in completing our project.
Groups I work find [would find] an electronic meeting system useful for group work.
" general , i feel satisfied with my job .
reliability of weather reports .
The tools provided by the site help me determine the attributes of the product I intend to buy.
Members of this team have a shared understanding of how code is to be written.
on average , how predictable are each of the following at : the start date of a software - development project in your new organization ? actual developer - months required for the project .
In doing my job, I must portray myself as interested in the customers’ frustrations even when I don’t really care.
using the exact card also enables me and my family to process payments more quickly .
you would find it more convenient to purchase a policy on the web than through an agent .
Using the Internet TV is fun
it is necessary to make exchanges and obtain refunds for the purchased goods and goods .
I think that those people who are important to me would want me to use [the spreadsheet] rather than my calculator for the assignment.
just how much effort ( in time and in energy ) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system ’ s user interface ?
My current auto insurance agent is honest in his/her dealings with me.
even if i ' m not enjoying myself , i often pretend to be off having a good party time
our group failed all operate the ems as it should have been used .
Groups I work with find [would find] their interaction with an electronic meeting system clear and understandable.
I tried to put important ideas into my own words
labor productivity improvements .
I had the opportunity to accurately reproduce the demonstrated computer operations.
Our systems development methodology helps to estimate the time and effort required for the development of a planned system.
I generally give people the benefit of the doubt when I first meet them.
we rate the effectiveness by which your virtual product development work unit uses the new online knowledge communities ( e . a . , virtual discussion forums ) focused on new processes and products .
I think online shopping can address the specific needs of each customer.
i think that all those people who are important enough to me now would want me just to use [ the spreadsheet ] rather than my calculator for the assignment .
i also feel very secure knowing that my personal information is kept private when i purchase this product from this web vendor .
i expect my personal information to not be adequately protected , when i purchase this product from this web vendor .
The auction listing information is easy to understand
to the extent is your design department using ssadm ( structured systems analysis and design method ) at all ?
they will not be enough computers for everyone and use in the crc .
the customer service coordination team at all the online store will address any concerns that i have .
I am unoriginal when I interact with the World-Wide Web
my interaction today with this website was dull / exciting .
stress level control of work pressure and stress i can face ( e . g . , updating it maintenance skills , information and work overload , and electronic monitoring ) .
but there is seldom any change to this business process .
and how do you better evaluate your firm ’ s performance , in applying it to support providing value - added services ?
there are many sites that this product is available .
during my last visit to booksamillion . com i was interested intensely in the book .
it is difficult to find team members , who meet the criteria specified above by the methodology .
responsibility for the results of work
Information that is clear in meaning is …(not important at all/extremely important)
how big is the it work involved in the project ?
the virtual advisor allowed me to specify about my preferred approach to generate recommendations
ease of access : for users to computer facilities via terminals
" although it might be highly helpful , using a pws is certainly not compulsory in my job .
effective execution of this business process generally just requires tacit knowledge acquired through experience in our own firm .
computer networks which contain personal information should be protected from unauthorized access - no telling how much it costs .
- - - is easy enough to operate .
overall , groups i can work with find [ would find ] and an electronic meeting system easy to use .
In your job, how important would it be to you to be consulted by your direct superior in his/her decisions?
pragmatic , not dogmatic in matters like ethics
preestablished data were provided as benchmarks for the team ’ s performance evaluations .
An external data processing service-provider would be able to reduce our information systems personnel costs
the greater my interest in obtain some certain product or service from the internet , the more i tend to suppress my privacy concerns .
our integrated systems development methodology helps to decompose and the system to be developed into workable parts .
sometimes i am able to motivate myself to do schoolwork
How knowledgeable are you on using computers?
it provides fast loading time in any environment .
opportunity for professional advancement
i rate each attitude of your top management toward the deployment of information technology in your organization .
why do you insist on user documentation which is well written and understandable by the intended user ?
time to begin complete work
how do you evaluate your customer ' s performance in applying it to support future customer linkages ?
our systems systems development methodology helps us to build management commitment in our systems development projects .
quality of teacher training provided .
TMT members and I share many common interests (sports, hobbies, cultural interests, etc)
please consider how important a following is knowledge or skills are in supporting : computing operation of your company three years from now : knowledge of business functions
user - oriented systems analysts , who know user operations
please rate the effectiveness of your npd business unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we are quick to discuss changes to our customers and product offerings .
I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
please indicate how very important that the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing technology needs of your company three years from now : ability ability to focus on technology as just a means , not an end
my teammates and i get along better than most other sports teams on which i would have worked .
given the resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes you use the system , it would feel easy with me to use the system .
there are a sufficient number for reputable external services - providers who potentially could provide is [MASK] and services to our banks
Prompt processing of requests for changes to existing systems
the ceo ' s knowledge of competitors ' use of it
private companies should devote more time to effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal information .
if users experience a problem , is shows a sincere interest in solving it
the latest product demonstration on this website is lively .
after using this new web site , i … ( will never use it again again / will most definitely use it again )
i intend to continue using the internet www , rather than use any alternative technology .
I am not sure I trust this auction seller to deliver the auction product
" i am able to participate in class discussions
our own data - processing operations are more complex than the data processing operations of peer banks
Our systems development methodology helps to capture requirements for the system to be developed.
our systems - development methodology helps to improve our is department ’ ' s reputation for excellent work .
completeness of output of information
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: Group members ensure a fair sharing of resources.
a service that is therefore of absolutely no benefit to me is : bad - good .
My teammates and I help each other better than most other teams on which I have worked.
The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
i created the user interface manual for this system .
the tools available by the site allow me to track where and how much money was being spent .
when i was using ms excel , sometimes i used features that helped me perform calculations on all my data .
I feel used up at the end of the workday.
Importance of activity three years from now: develop in-house applications
team members know who on the field has the skills and knowledge that is relevant to their work .
Gradually reducing the recognition of my non-IT experiences/skills/control at work.
is ’ s physical training facilities are visually appealing
my [MASK] provides employees with education on computer software copyright laws .
I feel delighted with the information system.
in terms of different features of your web site that provide the information you want , using the website site made you … ( very dissatisfied / very satisfied )
to gather knowledge about auto insurance companies .
What is the percentage for documents maintained using imaging technologies?
please indicate how important the following professional knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company by : how to work cooperatively with a one - one - one and project team .
our systems development methodology is the morale in our is department .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We have effective routines to identify, value, and import new information and knowledge.
we put it in a lot of effort .
It was easy for me to get relevant quantitative (price taxes, etc.) information.
in your job , how important would it be to you to be consulted by your direct supervisor in him / her work ?
the tools provided by the site help me in successfully determining what my product needs .
the tools provided by the site allow me to get reports about my financial status with the company .
but in terms of the many features of the web site that provide you the information you need , using on the web site made you … ( very displeased / very pleased )
interactions between firms are generally based on mutual trust .
Relevancy of reports.
during the last trip to booksamillion . com i felt calm .
in your private life , how important was respect for tradition ?
in general , meeting my need to obtain a certain information or services from the internet is much greater than my concern about privacy .
The following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you use computers: flexible
there is a constant drive can improve operating efficiency .
provides fast turnaround to your ( supplier ' ’ s ) requests .
' overall , most of my expectations from using the www were confirmed .
a significant weight will be placed upon project completion to meet client requirements .
selecting digital cameras using the virtual advisor was very complex
a service that fits well with i the different way i work is : ( bad / good ) .
The images and typographies used in the sites are stylish.
being within my budget would make it much less difficult / easier for me to buy this thing from this web vendor .
using this pws improves my job performance .
true ? real ?
the tools also provided by the site can allow me to get a detailed history of the goods i ordered from this particular website .
a service that is difficult to learn from : bad - good .
software applications on multiple machines of multiple vendors are interoperable to each other across our channel .
the following questions ask ask you how you would characterize yourself when you would use computers : creative
upward - communication
the entire site is neat in appearance .
how would you rate the data exchanged with ( partner company ) in terms of its timeliness , compared to information exchanging with other similar companies ?
I am not confident about my decision reached for the appraisal task.
dr . x is primarily concerned with getting the work done .
performance standards have become established for programming
Always available - not always available.
how much conflict is here about the work you do ?
i would not feel comfortable using the crc on my own .
I believe that the Ratings & Feedback mechanism in Amazon’s auctions is reliable and dependable.
I feel that the number of requests, problems, or complaints I deal with is more than expected.
any supplier that shares their proprietary information with you .
using an ems improves [ or would improve ] the performance of the groups i work with .
how do you feel about your personal enjoyment of the purchase through the website : very dissatisfied - very satisfied .
i will be with this company five years from from now .
team members ' responses to each - other ' s questions are correct and often useful .
please rate the effectiveness of your new new product development work unit in the increased frequency of determining your market characteristics and trends relative to your major competitors .
it is easy for me to remember how to actually perform tasks using only the electronic mail
in your current job , how important would it it be to you to have security of employment ?
this task involves frequent coordination with the effort of others .
contact information information that is informative to your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / not extremely important )
in relation to other project design work teams which you have previously been a member of or observed , how does your design team rate on your ability to coordinate resources with one another ?
Because the contractors were previously part of the client organization, I expect the contractors to volunteer to do more tasks outside the Service Level Agreement (SLA) than other vendors.
i found my experience with this website enjoyable .
it is very easy to detach this business process completely from all our other processes .
and from x ’ s internet site “ gets you away from it all ”
an understandable sequence of steps could be followed for developing software to meet all these initial requirements specifications .
the store ’ s web site provided not adequate information .
I typically take the same path through the ESS.
please also rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in performing the following activities relative to your major competitors : we are effective in rapidly transforming existing information into new scientific knowledge .
i feel secure that my private website is made private when i purchase this product from this web vendor .
compared to our traditional peer banks , our is facilities and services require technical skills that are all relatively unique
what is your general knowledge of properties of software packages ?
The performance of the Web site that in general, is user-friendly was …(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
the store ’ s web - site provided adequate information .
I feel burned out from my work.
our business relationship with [ the name ] was characterized by high levels of trust
please evaluate your level of knowledge of your company ' s senior is executive in how to identify and emerging it for supporting your firm ' s operations , markets business strategies , and business processes .
to what extent were your opinions about the system actually considered by you ?
Greater integration of automated systems.
switching to the then new standard way of working with the nop control system could result in unexpected hassles .
I use the ESS to look up numbers I need.
my general level of satisfaction with the computer system
how often have you been participated actively in and / or led in initiating new is projects ?
learning and operate the ( task - related ) task portions of ( 3 ) is easy for me .
the behavior of employees will instill confidence levels in users
how often do members disagree about who should do and what ?
the tools provided by the site allow me [MASK] to effectively conduct a buying transaction directly online .
" general , sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ online auctions have failed to meet their contractual obligations to me for our lifetime .
we have difficulty in reaching agreement with the offshore vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) when problems might arise .
The Web site kept me totally absorbed in the browsing.
Evaluate the frequency of collaborative interactions related to product design and development before the CPC solution was deployed.
but when when i was using the ms excel , i used features that helped me derive insightful conclusions from the data .
the web page was engaging .
how likely are you , within the next three hundred years to decide not to apply for something like a job , credit , or insurance because perhaps you do not want us to simply provide certain other kinds of information about yourself ?
Members of this group place great value on technical knowledge.
using a pc involves too much cpu time doing mechanical operations ( e . , g . , data input )
the company provides for me guidance on how to change to suit the new way of working effectively with the nop system .
a word that fits in my workstyle is : bad - good .
I believe my credit card company will protect me in case of problematic transactions with sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace.
another section pertains to the usage of progress reports within this outsourcing arrangement . these indicate the extent to which you support or disagree with the following statements : a client team provides feedback to the vendor team on an extent for which the client team achieves the outsourcing goals as defined by the progress reports .
this task can be planned with little need , to coordinate with others .
to what extent is your is department using uml ( unified modeling modeling language ) , at present ?
it bothers me hearing give personal information about so many online companies .
how clearly understood are the program deliverables , and the relationship between all these deliverables and in the achievement of the program benefits ?
to no extent do we feel that the communication being received from your project executive was : inadequate - adequate
what is the percentage of business transactions done with suppliers / customers using edi ?
significant financial weight will be placed upon project completion to meet client requirements .
our organization believes this new partner would act in our best interest
work on projects leading to ;
then i created the user procedures manual for this system .
to the firm , using it over the next 6 months would be : easy - difficult .
we do unit tests on the coded modules until they run flawlessly .
This section pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement. Please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements:  Client team members frequently walk around the project sites to informally gather first-hand information about the tasks, activities, progress, and issues in this outsourcing arrangement.
overall knowledge acquired by each firm through the project .
we can easily share our data with other channel partners
only the categories of is [MASK] publications count ( i . g . “ refereed ” and / or “ editorial reviewed ” ) .
- - - allows information to be readily available to me .
this methodology is not based on any theoretical framework .
" what i give up in terms of releasing my personal information to online media companies is commensurate with what i usually receive in return payments from the companies .
merchants who use the same exact card system often have more prestige than those who do not .
I am likely to make another purchase from this site if I need the products that I will buy.
based on the reports i provided to you about the web site , do you expect information on the web web site to be so easy to read ?
the information in this online auction listing is not precise
My actual intention to use Electronic Mail regularly is: extremely strong - extremely weak.
our suppliers have computer systems in place to quickly better respond to all our product inquiries .
what is the extent to which , it is your responsibility to engage in keeping news stories about entering the security team secret from others in the company until the appropriate time ?
but how many firms supply the same service ( s ) as this firm ?
we can easily assess the performance analysis of this business process independent of the performance analysis of our other processes .
i am uninventive when others interact with the world - class web
i expect to use mds frequently in my future .
Payroll/personnel knowledge of the implementation staff
i have all the human and technological resources necessary to use the system .
This website would enhance my effectiveness in getting useful information about this product.
but in your private life , how important exactly is persistence ( perseverance ) ?
replaces any leaving supplier or staff with someone more qualified or with an equivalent expertise .
the resources provided by the site aid me in identifying which product attributes best fit consumer needs .
i think people generally just try to put back up their words with their actions .
I intent to use --- as a routine part of my job over the next year.
we optimize product coordination across our departments and / or product product lines .
how well , does the website fit your personal needs ?
Create and edit formulas that do not change when they are copied?
Please rate the importance of this supplier to your organization at the time your organization was being encouraged to adopt EDI.
because no contractor were previously part of the client organization , we expect the contractors to invest more than other firms in improving current skills to serve us better .
Importance of activity now: train and educate end users
supplier companies will invest in manufacturing equipment specifically for your requirements .
accuracy control of output information
knowledge acquired by and about supporting users ' business .
i expect to have the time needed today to get information back from this website within the next 30 days .
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions , with , this business partner : improved product production planning
information that potentially is valuable to your final purchase decision is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
internet shopping on the web saves time .
the importance of activity now : manage / plan feasibility / approval process for new information systems and technology
please rate : the overall performance of amazon ’ s auction sellers on an average on fulfilling these goals : timeliness of delivery .
five or more levels
i was stimulated to do additional social work in the area outside of “ community - first . ”
- - - - reliably .
without an auction host / intermediary , amazon should be counted upon to do what is right .
the appearance of the site is in - keeping with the public services it provides .
Easy to become skillful
based on the reports we provided here to you about the web site , do you not expect that the web site has a simple layout suitable for its contents ?
my current auto insurance business acts in my best interests .
to what extent do you believe that the communication that you provided to your project executive regarding the project executive status was : - inaccurate - accurate .
i would also find mds to be easily accessible and portable .
Working with a computer makes me nervous.
this seller is likely to keep my personal interests in mind .
To what extent have the projected benefits and the assumptions been validated?
my dad and i find it easy to get the exact card , and do what we want it to do .
lays out exactly what each party is to perform .
planning for is is initiated primarily by requests / proposals made from operational / functional managers .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: knowledge of business functions
information that contains a wide variety of topics - … ( not important at all / not important )
If I use a computer I will be better organized.
information related with goods and services offered in this business is accurate .
In your relationship with (partner company) what percentage of inventory procedures were changed to suit each other’s needs?
our systems management methodology is to build management commitment in our systems development projects .
for me , feeling comfortable using a laptop on your own is : ( unimportant / strange ) .
members of this community value sharing knowledge .
i could complete half the job using a word processing package if i still had only the basic software manuals for reference .
Using an electronic meeting system enhances [would enhance] the effectiveness of groups I work with.
a web site that has a unique layout for its contents is … ( nothing important at all / not important )
we am concerned about unauthorized use of my credit card .
the auction house design is innovative
our systems development methodology ; our desired systems development practice .
- - - produces the latest current information .
our systems development methodology defines our desired systems - development practice .
among the typical cases of reuse of existing design features in various products designed after the cpc solution was deployed .
using this website improved my sales performance in shopping .
and what is the percentage for microcomputers linked together by lans ?
we have enhanced economies of scale and in technological resources .
compared directly to your competitors , how does your organization rate on efficiency of its operations ?
if we decide to terminate inhouse is operations , there are other external service - providers who could also provide us with the exact same quality level of is facilities and other services
use of such a pc can also increase the effectiveness of performing job specific tasks ( e . g . , analysis )
How satisfied were you with your team’s process?
The training helped me see the usefulness of Excel.
is has employees who give users personal .
i am satisfied with you .
please rate your own personal knowledge about graphical user interface .
compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate your ability , produce software with low cost for current product lines ?
notwithstanding the loss that i incur , the change to the new method of working with the nop system is of good consequence .
we share business - related information electronically within our firm .
technological innovations and / or new innovations in business operations : much better than the competition - much worse then the competition .
today we have successfully integrated most of our software applications with the ones of all our customers
i would never be able to use the crc .
if i could , then i would really like to continue my use of the www .
how well do you actually evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it to support creating the new products / services ?
i herself would certainly find a lower price for my policy using the web than through an agent .
sisp output fails to sufficiently clearly address the role of such a permanent is planning group .
i am concerned about shipping and errors .
i believe other people are too much concerned about online privacy issues .
improve overall the quality of existing service .
communications : between is staff and managerial users
emotionally expressive ? inexpressive ?
projects involving structural displacement or cost reduction .
my peers here are supportive of the change to the new way of working with all the nop system .
to buffer into contract to accommodate scope changes .
credit and processing : exclusively internal - exclusively external
the tools provided by the web site help me repair a product .
given the current potential problem of releasing my own personal private information to online companies , the benefits i receive from the companies are fair .
The operation of --- of dependable.
given the potential problem with releasing my personal information to online companies , any benefits i receive from the companies seem fair .
Using and electronic meeting system enables [would enable] groups I normally work with to accomplish the tasks more quickly.
how knowledgeable is your top management team about whether your competitors are applying it ?
on average , so many are many of the following at the start of a software development project in your organization ? actual budget that must be consumed by the project .
How credible is the logic chain linking the benefits claimed with the direct outputs of the work?
enhanced ability required to compete .
please assess the level of experience of your firm ' s senior is executive in how to utilize your it infrastructure to address the firm ’ s current business situation .
consider the operation of - - - of dependable .
dr . x has absolutely no understanding of why people working directly under him do what they do .
why would you rate the information exchanged with ( partner company ) in terms to financial relevancy to your business partners , compared with information exchanged with other similar partners ?
there is a high potential for loss when involved in individuals participating in amazon / ebay auctions .
people seeking information online should follow the way the data are collected , processed , and used .
my internal interaction with the crm system is clear and understandable
low cost .
we emphasize “ putting customers first ” first throughout our bu
it is important to reduce environmental impact .
project manager feedback
we adopt a very rather conservative view when making major decisions .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is a primary focus of your team in this outsourcing activity . with respect for outsourced activity , please note each extent to which you agree or disagree on the following statements : this approach cannot be easily duplicated by other organizations .
Data are safeguarded from unauthorized changes or use.
when your organization changes how it is , are your information more flexible and easily changed to reflect these changes in operations ?
easy - for - use - hard - to - use .
cio primarily uses business management terminology when interacting with tmt members
the shopping from the x ’ s internet site “ gets me away from it all ”
i think that using a pws fits well in the way i like to dress .
the online web site information content met my needs .
Trainer acted as a role model.
adapting the objectives / goals of is to changing goals / objectives of the organization .
i can rely on the information contained in this auction listing
my teammates and i can help each other better than most other teams on which teams i have worked .
I am confident that my credit card payments are safe in case of disputed purchases from sellers in Amazon’s auction marketplace.
relevance of report contents ( to the intended function )
the tools provided us by the site also allow me to communicate with the company .
products purchasing from on this website would involve much more financial risk ( i . e . , fraud , hard to return ) when shopping compared with more traditional ways of shopping .
in the workplace , sound practices exist that help ensure sound and unbiased practices of all team members .
information : contains necessary topics for your purchase decision is … ( not important at all / not difficult )
planning for is is initiated by initial requests / proposals from operational / technical functional managers .
with respect to the client team involved in making this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent , to which you agree or disagree with in the following statements : the client team has the unique skill set most essential to managing interorganizational relationships .
i sometimes have to buck a rule or policy in order to take on an assignment .
today our software development approach ( es ) are developed such that they can be used effectively for a wide variety of projects .
if you are the highly effective performer in your current job , the probability ( probability ) that he will be promised for a more influential job is . . .
After using this Web site, I … (will never use it again/will definitely use it again)
overall cost - effectiveness of computer systems
relationships : fellow employees
importance of activity now : support for end - user computing ( e . g . , user info , center , hot - line )
most people are honest in their dealings with god .
we attempt not to be exhaustive in gathering the information relevant for is planning .
our is group dedicates a very considerable amount out of its resources of planning efforts .
i am concerned deeply about seller legitimacy .
an understandable sequence of steps could remain defined for converting user needs to requirements specifications .
I know where 1 can go to satisfactorily try out various uses of a PWS.
using the crm system does not mean any way i view the world
how likely for you , for the next three years to : : not to apply for something , including a job , credit , or insurance , because you do not possess or provide certain kinds of information about yourself .
network management can manage conflicts to reach compromise .
you may deceive anyone by being friendly when i really dislike them
The escrow method in Amazon’s auction marketplace: protects me from an inappropriate behavior of sellers.
Working with partner company has helped you better understand the capabilities and intentions of your competitors.
Trainer concentrated on specific learning points.
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in using it as support enhancing customer linkages ?
our systems development methodology helps us to develop more efficient systems .
ceo ' s chair role in corporate it steering committee
general ledger : exclusively internal - exclusively not external
established procedures and practices could be relied upon to develop the software that would best meet these requirements specifications .
Members of this group think it is OK to remove someone's name from a project without that person's consent.
--- produces correct information.
our organization is teamwork in dealing with complex technology - related problems .
our company relies heavily on is - efficient operation .
skill set on job
avoiding the overlapping and development of major systems .
information that contains a number of different subjects that is … ( not important at all / not extremely important )
i intend to use dms on my day job again within the next one month .
overall , using this website also is useful in shopping .
i expect that learning how you use mds would be difficult for me .
our end - user help desk is easily located .
thinking hard and for a long time on something gives us little satisfaction .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing support needs of your company now : use a product specific programming language
as you indicated earlier , outsourced work remains the primary focus of your team as an outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent of which you agree or disagree with the following statements : this activity cannot be easily separated from other partners .
groups i work with find [ would find ] it easy to get an electronic meeting hall system to do what else they want [ or would want ] for it to do .
and i like it .
using the exact card system fits into our business ’ work style .
firms find it challenging to work with other network members when they have common open source tools and conventions .
using this system improves my performance in my job .
please indicate how important : following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the future operation of the company three years from now : ability to plan , organize and lead projects
using ( system ) as the ( technology component ) enables me [MASK] ( accomplish tasks ) more quickly .
member technology firms share a common set of goals for the network .
the organization has provided the necessary resources necessary for me [MASK] to use the system .
to what extent do you now believe that the communication report you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was : - inaccurate - accurate .
companies should invest more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal data in these databases .
the setup of my crc will be compatible with every way i work .
that it will substantially increase our transportation costs .
Knowledge about the few key factors that must go right if the organization is to succeed is... of no use / of absolute necessity
i don ’ t feel that i could learn new skills from attending a computerized skills training program
requirements fluctuated quite a bit during early phases of this project .
it does not take a long time to have a front page of the site .
firms have benefited from the sharing of customer contacts directly with other members .
asset management
use of a pc can have an effect on the performance of my job .
How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system’s functionalities?
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the creating online knowledge communities (e.g.,virtual discussion forums) focused on new ideas and products.
Clear and Understandable
even if you are a highly effective performer in your current job , the likelihood ( or probability ) that you will eventually be promised to a more socially influential job is . . .
relationship with other parties in a project ( ceo , users , partners ) .
human resources management : exclusively . internal - exclusively external
using only the crc will improve my grades .
my past experience in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ and auction marketplace is positive .
what do you believe is the risk posed for regular internet users due to the possibility that personal information could be legally made available only to government agencies ?
how much would suppliers / vendors approve for your product using it in the next 6 months ?
I feel physically drained when I get home from work.
pcs are okay for some new jobs but not the normal kind of job i want .
i find it easy to get the ( task - related ) portions from ( system ) to doing what you want it to do .
How would you rate this design team on their ability to meet the goals of the project during requirements definition?
it is a complex and difficult task with your firm and integrate the use of the traditional interorganizational system in the overall business .
i have the resources necessary to properly use the system .
Knowledge gained using this system will be helpful to me with other systems in the future.
or emotional ? unemotional ?
a large number and individuals that tend to get involved with important issues slows down the decision - making process within our is group .
we attempt to be exhaustive in gathering the information relevant for is [MASK] planning .
bills on dp operating costs were reliable .
member firms share a strong sense of belonging ( identity ) .
i did not want to expend too much effort to try out the pws .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We have adequate routines to analyze the information and knowledge obtained.
i see no reason to doubt my teammates ' competence and my preparation for the new job .
quality of technical knowledge .
Using Electronic Mail in my job increases (would increase) my productivity.
i can rely on the information in this auction house listing
our systems development methodology helps us to estimate the project risks .
We had discussions about what criteria to use to select amongst the various decision alternatives.
Our systems development methodology helps to estimate the size of the system to be developed.
people who are important know me and want me to use mds .
operating costs .
years of training provided .
using the student information system in my job increases my productivity .
the tastes and preferences of your customers and their principal customers ( 1 = have become far more stable and predictable ; 4 = no change ; 7 = has become much harder for forecast ) .
the system had sufficient information .
overall , i am familiar with the site .
- - - it operates reliably .
Using the CRM system is not appropriate for a person with my values regarding the role of computers
i found the current project here to be a good learning experience .
i feel at ease in a gym class .
to aid i in my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i feel ( e ) as : ( technology type ) system : very usable - very cumbersome
improved navigation .
For this system, I defined/helped define input/output forms.
this business partner is interesting to our organization ’ ' well being and not just its own
Interpersonal communication
but to carry out my job , i must try hard to pretend i am not annoyed off with customers when i really am .
the web site held my full attention .
in our is [MASK] , operating rules and standard procedures play important parts in how decisions are handled .
Communication about writing.
after using on the web site , information that you obtained made you … ( or frustrated / contented )
Working in this distributed team is helping me learn how to rapidly implement new team ideas.
for example me , a web vendor organization that is honest in its dealings with its customers is important .
in terms of job roles and personal responsibilities , my work load is far too heavy .
payroll processing : exclusively internal - exclusively external external
x products which are a good economic value
i think that other people look into my profile to find out something about me .
How effective was your group at using all members' skills?
i find it very easy to identify myself with this team
compared to others , i am very sensitive about the way online companies handle their personal information .
our organization believes this business partner company would act in our best interest
Members of the team believe they will be able to rely on other members of the team not to make a job more difficult by careless work.
Online companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers.
we combine new code and existing code on a continual basis .
sometimes when someone criticizes this community , it feels almost like a personal insult .
--- produces the most current information.
I feel confident that encryption and other technological advances on the Internet make it safe for me to do business there.
if problems such things as delays do arise , the contractors are honest about the problems .
i believe that employee computing practices are monitored by my organization .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your management team involved in implementing this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please please indicate the extent to that which you agree or strongly disagree with the following policy statements : this activity creates a competitive advantage for our own organization .
learning how to purchase this product from this web vendor would also be quite easy .
how would you rate your expectations so that things would go horribly wrong in buying from this website ?
knowledge is acquired by firm about use of development techniques .
level of peer pressure and stress i . ( e . g . , updating it skills , learning about work overload , and electronic monitoring ) .
incentives used today for aligning interests of it talent with business goals are ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across nearly all , or almost exclusively all of the other business units )
The methodology is not based on any theoretical framework.
we have established the scale and volume to justify internal data , processing management and operations
based on the detailed reports provided to you and about the web site , do you expect information on the new web site to be trustworthy ?
Sellers in Amazon’s auctions are in general trustworthy.
i believe i have the ability to develop a spreadsheet to assist me in strategic decisions .
tight control over project costs .
" i have seen what others do using their pws .
using the word www is natural to me .
then record the frequency with which you search the design for redundancies using an entity list .
processing of requests for complex system changes
- - - makes it very accessible .
using an electronic meeting also enhances [ would enhance ] the effectiveness of groups to work with .
the use of a pws is voluntary ( as opposed from required by my superiors or job supervisors ) .
it software standards are ( unique in ) all or almost almost all of the business units … but common across all or almost almost all of the business units )
everyone on this team uses their common standards for coding .
projects which appear to offer new ways for people to complete .
the information in this e - book is … consistent / inconsistent
the manner in which the components of our information systems are well organized and integrated allows for more rapid changes
adapting technology to strategic economic change .
participating a community - based partnership to address site or area - dependent community needs .
For me, a Web vendor that does not seek to take advantage of its customers is important
My work environment allows me to complete work in a timely and effective manner.
When your organization changes how it operates, are the information systems flexible and easily changed to reflect these changes in operations?
we are satisfied today with our overall benefits from outsourcing .
to obtain auto insurance price information .
please rate the performance of the new product development work unit compared to your major competitors ' creation of new product concepts .
Was there much debate about the issues concerning this system between yourself and others?
using this system allows me to be more efficient at my new job .
i ' ve had a great deal of time to study various pws applications .
how often do members disagree openly about who should do what ?
i frequently receive many incompatible requests from two or more parties .
a web - site that is responsive to your specific request is … ( not important at all / not extremely important )
using dms in my work to improve my performance ( e . g . , make me work better ) .
i think that this website is convenient .
this website provided me with product reviews .
compared to time alone : improves my performance in web querying .
most of my teammates approach their job with professionalism and physical dedication .
i plan to increase in my use of - - - over the next school year .
information that contains a few or different subjects is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
using ( system ) as a ( technology type ) improves productivity productivity .
today our firm has automated the ordering process for production goods ( raw raw materials ) .
was there too much conflict concerning this system between yourself and others ?
because the contractors themselves were previously part of all the client organization , i expect all the contractors to also be more willing to work extra hours than other vendors .
member firms share a sense of mutual confidence .
- - - produces additional information .
How knowledgeable are you about IT or business people to contact within your organization as source of information about IT?
ideas tend to flow both horizontally as well as vertically throughout our group is group .
this seller is ready to make sacrifices for me if needed .
The equipment (printers, computers, etc) in the CRC are not compatible with the other computers I use.
supplier , keeps you updated on your requests .
data protection and privacy
it manages and maintains personal account accounts .
" general , information that was useful in your purchase decision is … ( not important after all / extremely important )
exchanged initial draft drafts .
the web site had me totally absorbed in the browsing .
integrated processes exist to ensure that new life - cycle processes are identified and implemented along with design before the cpc solution was deployed .
backlog of development work - high
in general , a web site that is user - user friendly , is often … ( not important at all / extremely important )
my interaction with this website was exciting / exciting .
we understand our contractors well .
just because the contractors were previously a part of the larger client organization , i expect the contractors to perform their job more reliably than other client vendors .
wide - ranging - narrow - ranging focused .
i really am trying to learn as much as i possibly can about frontpage from this session
that it will help us better serve our clients / clients .
the auction listing displays visually pleasing architectural design
one would have difficulty explain why using a pws may and may not be beneficial .
Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be adapted to the suit the resource levels available to individual projects.
please rate the effectiveness of a new product or work unit in recurrently evaluating tests that determine basic performance against shifting technical specifications relative to your major product .
state confidential - public .
There is seldom any change to this business process.
i am forced by this new technology to do more work than i can ever handle .
this task can be planned without little need to coordinate with others .
i am likely to return to visit this website for my next purchase .
when you begin a new task , how often do you know what specific external information will next be required to complete the task ?
the business procedures and business routines of our business unit are highly coupled with the ones of our business customers
these bills on dp operating costs are meaningful .
there is also a sense of personalness in the website .
in addition to the project design teams you have been a member of or observed , how does you design career rate on your reputation for work excellence ?
Being able to get a real feel for a product would make it much more difficult/ easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
i believe that the website vendor has my best interests in mind .
if you are a highly effective performer in a current job , the likelihood ( is ) that you will be promised to a more influential organization . . . .
user - oriented systems analysts who evaluate user operations
responsibility for results of the work
Meeting times kept punctually
strategic rationale : for investing in what it is ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common market across all or almost all of all the business units )
i can use your business always to do shopping in any urgent situations .
online companies are familiar with them when it comes to collecting and using personal personal information of their customers .
i plan on use online shopping again .
i often actively seek to develop my personal uniqueness by buying special products , or brands .
How big is the IT work involved in the program?
using the crm system runs counter to my very own values
- - - produces correct results .
please assess the effectiveness by whether your new product will work . uses the consistency of information technology tools ( e . g . , databases , information repositories ) to permanently store user information over time .
using the crc is called a : bad idea - good idea .
please assess the effectiveness of your own product development business unit in the above activities relative to your major competitors : we effectively interrelate our activities to manage the changing conditions .
how often do members disagree ? who should do what ?
information that is trustworthy is … ( not important at first / extremely sensitive )
the electronic mail system provides helpful guidance in performing specific tasks
Constrained? Free?
Using this web site would be unpleasant.
My friends think that I should use the Internet TV
The network is designed to enable member firms to gain access to the experiences/ knowledge of other members.
the information provided by the site let me specify the latest features that i want .
Individuals on this team are rewarded for their individual performance.
companies should never sell the personal computers in their computer databases like other companies .
The quality of information availability I experienced was; very low-very high.
Overall, I find shopping online very useful.
I would be more confident filing a claim through the web than through an agent.
adequate external consultant support is not available for implementing of the methodology .
generating new ideas . reengineer business processes through it .
as the auction host / intermediary , amazon / ebay can be used at all costs .
it took too long for - - - to respond to my question .
data are entered only at once to be retrieved by the most applications of our customers
We will have confidence in one another on this team.
in general , the sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auctions would have fulfilled the most important and contractual obligations to me during all our transactions . ( reverse )
i could complete the job using the software package if they would ask someone for help if i got suck .
My current auto insurance agent acts in my best interests.
I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
overall the specifications for the production goods we procure are simple .
i could successfully complete a computerized training program
skill needed a job
amazon . com also makes it easier to shop for cds .
what is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in controlling the release of personal information from the security team in such an effort to present the profile you really want to show ?
a service which is of no benefit to me is : ( good / good ) .
please rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit in all the three following activities , relative to your major competitors : we often review our own product development efforts to ensure they are in line with what the other customers want .
i would be able to use the equipment in the crc even if it was no one else to show me that i use it .
please indicate how important the following is , or skills are in meeting the computing needs in your company now : ability - be sensitive to organizational culture / politics
Overall, using the CRC will be advantageous.
please indicate how important the following business knowledge or skills are essential supporting the computing needs of a company three years from completion : data management ( e . g . , data analytics )
books count only if they contain significant research contributions .
and i have not yet seen many others using a pws in my department .
easy enough to become skillful
my work environment allows me to successfully complete quite a large number of tasks each day .
it was indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate the extent to which you agree to disagree with the following points : those processes that are more closely aligned with this outsourced is activity are likely to remain largely intact over the short term .
interacting with the electronic mail system requires a dose of my mental effort
the web site server ’ s performance that is easy to use was not … ( either very poor / very good )
how much friction is there among members of your party ?
i ' ve had a great - deal of opportunity today to try various pws applications .
internet websites are often safe environments in which to exchange information with others .
i really have enjoyed working with members of my project management team . i really feel that i am a great part of this project team .
my advocacy group today ’ s use of the ems was consistent with the goals and the attitudes the systems aims [ aimed ] to promote .
you would understand the explanations offered by insurance web sites better than those provided by my agent .
i like shopping online on this website .
overall , i believe , a pws is easy to use .
we must have ( or should expect to have ) frequent interactions with the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) participants in day - to - - day operations of this business process .
when i was not using ms excel , often i used features that helped me compare and quickly contrast aspects of the data .
an engineer discovered what he perceived to be a product design flaw that constituted a safety risk . the company declined and correct the problem . the employee decided to stay quiet , rather than taking his complaint outside the company .
relationship with other parties in developing the project ( the ceo , users , consultant ) .
i expect to have the money needed to purchase this product from this web hosting vendor sometime within the next about 30 days .
we and [ his name ] were generally skeptical of the information provided to each other
Use of a steering committee for developing and monitoring the information system
consider the typical degree of interconnectedness between product components before the cpc solution is deployed .
Users actively participate in developing test plans.
Members of the team would feel a sense of loss we could no longer work together.
- to aid me in achieving my ( accomplishment of tasks ) , overall , i can feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) is : - efficient - inefficient
significant weight will be put upon project quality .
having a clear sequence and hyperlinks would make it much more convenient / easier for me to process information about this product .
how very much would customers / clients approve of of your firm using it in the next 6 months ?
i presently intend to use electronic devices regularly .
and the crc would be : ( unpleasant / pleasant ) .
think three years ahead or even more
understanding the strategic needs of top management .
their children will be well dressed and neat in appearance
network members can manage their conflicts to reach compromise .
To facilitate operations, our BU’s business procedures and routines are linked with the ones of our channel partners
Firms expect other members to fulfill their obligations because they are members of the network.
How knowledgeable is the top management team about potential and limitations of "next generation" IT?
how strong an approach is the business taking as to realizing benefits ?
my boss really does not require me to use a pws .
individual task performance score is rewarded on this team .
the vendor is always sincere and genuine .
members outside of this group believe it it is inappropriate to distribute code changes without going through the proper channels .
how much influence did you have in decisions made about developing this system during all its development ?
On average, please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of competitive pricing.
to what extent are you willing now to use either the free internet , to purchase goods ( e . g . , books or cds ) , or services ( for e . g . , airline tickets or hotel room reservations ) from websites that require you to submit accurate and identifiable identity information ( i . e . , credit card information ) ?
i am concerned that the information i submit to my users could be misused .
What the benefits of the software would be.
i can use only the internet tv
i feel i have to always rush to get everything done each day .
i suddenly felt disoriented .
the team began using the nonroutine process to address the problem .
this new partner keeps their commitments
Gradually reducing the recognition of my non-IT experiences/skills/control at work.
The performance of the Web site that quickly loads all the text and graphics was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
that it can improve communication .
our organization provides end - user training before their introduction of new technologies .
and indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : how to interpret technical problems & develop a technical solution
the web site ’ s stated performance value in providing information that it is credible was … ( very poor / very good )
i find that people respond to my private messages positively .
the quality and information accuracy i originally expected was ; rather low - very high .
i intend to never use the crc to print projects , research papers , or assignments this term .
using this website , can improve my shopping performance .
all things considered , the internet would cause serious privacy protection problems .
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I found my visit interesting.
for selecting this specific adjective , please circle the number that best matches a proper description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers : playful
a web site that is not visually attractive is … ( and not important at all / extremely important )
compared to your competitors , how does your organization rate on ability - to tailor software products to meet individual customer service needs ?
sisp output fails to determine a uniform basis used for prioritizing individual projects .
to operate efficiently , we rely on procedures and routines of our own customers
your website adequately meets my information needs .
My team works together better than most teams on which I have worked.
Companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access personal information in their computers.
easy lessons become skillful
is the future state anticipated by continuing the implementation of the program more clearly understood and stated in the plan ?
then i had the opportunity to mentally practice the demonstrated computer operations .
please indicate how most important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs , of your company now : integrated systems integration
The layout of the auction listing is annoying
dr . x encourages them to work as a team .
i may deceive people just by being friendly even when i really dislike them
this section pertains to specific situational settings in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate an extent to whom they agree or disagree with the following statements : client team members frequently gather around the project site to help gather first - hand information about the tasks , activities , topics , or issues in this outsourcing arrangement .
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to support enhancing customer linkages?
types of activity now : analyze software packages – evaluation & selection
Groups I work with find [would find] and EMS to be flexible to interact with.
efficient running of current software systems ( high costs , ease of use , documentation , maintenance )
today our organization provides end - user development training before the introduction of new technology .
supplier that honors their personal promises .
i could complete the job in a software package if there was no one around to tell me what to use as i pleased .
reduced operating cost .
still , it seems necessary to spend a fair amount of time thinking about how best to address a business situation before i begin my analysis .
CEO's endorsement of applications not meeting traditional criteria
the decision i reached for the appraisal task alone was a good enough one .
Using a student information system in my job increases my productivity.
using mds software would help me accomplish things more quickly .
please indicate how much important the following feature is knowledge , or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : relational databases
A considerable amount of useful feedback information about the transaction history of auction sellers is available through Amazon’s Ratings & Feedback mechanism.
new employees need more than a year to feel at home home
i find this system to be easy to use .
It is important to minimize time pressure when shopping.
they are accuracy problems in the techniques i use or needed in this exchange .
your firm using it within the very next approximately 6 months would be : good - bad .
To get a recommendation on the right coverage for me.
I could complete the job using a word processing package if someone showed me how to do it first.
member firms share a common set of goals for their network .
please rate the effectiveness level of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to all your major product competitors : we ensure that our all work tasks ( activities , designs , reports ) fit in together very well .
i will definitely try this new product .
legaladvice . com is highly competent and effective in providing legal legal advice .
my past experience in amazon video ’ s auction marketplace was positive .
to what extent ? do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project manager status was : incomplete - not complete
information that seems trustworthy is … ( not important at present / extremely important )
ceo ' s personal participation in firm ' s use in it
It usually bothers me when companies ask me for personal information.
I used what I have learned in the past to try to succeed at learning the material
i am not always sure the decision reached for the appraisal of task was appropriate .
this seller is likely to care for my mental welfare .
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This activity has evolved in our organization through collective learning.
have the freedom to be creative and original
supplier that will be flexible in response to requests that may be beyond the terms required of signing your contract .
For this system, I defined/helped define report formats.
commercial loan systems : exclusively internal - and external
Receive a promotion with the next year or two
members on this team feel like changing any part of the existing code at any time .
easy - to - use - hard - to - find use .
please rate your personal general knowledge about object oriented database .
those people who are loyal to me would ( strongly support / strong trust ) my using [ the spreadsheet ] other than my calculator for the assignment .
i prefer to work on tasks that force me to start new things
the promises made by the contractors are reliable .
i am able to make homework assignments by deadlines
for me , actually getting accurate product information from a website is .
an individual formally responsible for projects ( a . g . , a project manager ) .
there was a clearly known way to develop software that would meet these set requirements and specifications .
I enjoy discussing my organization with people outside it.
our two main competitors who have not adopted enterprise resource planning are favorably perceived by others in the same industry .
is the proportion of is department ’ s resources expended in creating new systems
being expressive ? inexpressive ?
i have the resources necessary to build the system .
is employees are never too busy to respond and users ’ requests
There is a sense of personalness in the website.
participating in community - community based partnership to address site or area - specific and community needs .
Revised another's writing.
the images featured in the website are exciting .
the disadvantages of my invention using such a pws far outweigh the advantages .
not urgent - not urgent .
i find dms to be useful in the job .
please note the effectiveness by which a new products development work unit uses the use of information technology tools to analyze and measure work , tasks , and resources under the new product development process .
how much influence do you have in determining your tasks to work out from day to day ?
how well does the website fit with your personal needs ?
I believe that employee computing activities are monitored by my organization.
to what extent do you feel that this communication you received from your project manager was : self - accurate
they have control over using the system .
I like to minimize travel for purchase.
i am concerned mostly about seller legitimacy .
can you insist upon the detailed systems design report be formally approved by the manager of the operating function involved and programming begins ?
i expect for the sequencing of hyperlinks in this website to be very clear .
overall , i believe that a pws is easy to safely use .
knowledge gets acquired by firm about supporting users ' business .
why does the student information system have errors in the program that you must constantly work around ?
the data , information embedded in this business model are proprietary to our firm .
i will strongly recommend shopping online to others .
new technology to strategic change .
compared to your competitors , but how does your organization rate on the speed rate of its response to new customer needs ?
companies should take more information and make sure that the personal information in their files is accurate .
she was aware of the progress of this learning with respect to my goals for this session
to do my job effectively , i must feel as if to empathize with the customer and my actual lack of concern .
to properly process our data , the external data service - providers would have to make substantial investments in equipment and software tailored to our needs
Overall, how do you feel about the website that you identified: dissatisfied - satisfied.
the information provided by - - - is very accurate .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We ensure that our work tasks (activities,designs,reports) fit together very well.
this quality of system flexibility i originally expected is ; very low - very high .
I am able to use the library and the internet for information for class assignments
It is important to assure an easy return process.
i was satisfied with the number of sites and where ever i could buy this product .
overall control exercised over the entire project .
please indicate how significant the following is knowledge or skills are in addressing the core needs in your company three years before now : ability to work cooperatively in the one - one - one and project team environment
the convenience of access .
Becoming knowledgeable about Web purchasing would make it much more difficult/easier for me to purchase this product from this Web vendor.
I am motivated to learn the material on FrontPage presented in this session
in general , information which is important to your purchase price is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
how knowledgeable were you on using computers ?
nothing that is accurate or … ( not important at all / extremely important )
please indicate how important that the following is knowledge or skills are in to supporting the computing software needs of your company right now : structured programming / case methods or tools
a self - coordinated community have been formed among the users of this site .
how credible is the logic chain linking of benefits claimed with the direct outputs of a work ?
SISP output fails to include an overall organizational data communications plan.
to what extent would the ess enable you to justify decisions ?
it will be easy for me to become skillful in using books amillion . com .
It is difficult to find a team leader who meets the criteria specified by the methodology.
using electronic mail in my job enables ( can enable ) me to accomplish tasks more efficiently .
what is your current knowledge of enterprise resource planning ?
On this team, we do our software development using pairs of developers.
i expect that using mds would be very enjoyable .
our systems engineering methodology helps to improve our development department ’ s reputation for excellent work .
after using this new site , i am … ( extremely dissatisfied / very satisfied )
Overall, I would give the quality of --- a high rating.
firms must consider the character and reliability of other board member firms before doing business with them .
the software would be compatible with environment .
i am excited about all the spreadsheet skills which will be covered in this training class .
becoming knowledgeable about web purchasing would make it even more convenient / easier for me to purchase this product from the web vendor .
evaluate the average time it takes . make design changes related to product development after the cpc solution is deployed .
the information on the job listing is pretty much what i need to carry all my tasks
Do you insist that the detail design report on a proposed system specify exactly how the user will operate the system?
amazon . com improves my performance in shopping centers for cds .
i plan to use what little i have learned in the weeks ahead .
even our volume estimates for production goods are reliable .
this website would enhance my effectiveness in not purchasing this product .
overall the benefits of this system for my entire organization are : - not at all - very much .
I find the (task-related) portions of (system) easy to use.
i was thus able only to make changes to the formalized agreement of work to be done [ during system definition / during physical system design / [ during implementation ] .
in terms of the features of the web - site , that provide you the information you need , using the web site made you … ( " disappointed / delighted )
there is still a need also for significant firm - specific training requirements for a new employee to effectively execute this business process , even particularly when he or she has general experience in our industry .
electronic mail enables me to accomplish tasks more than quickly
it communications standards are ( unique ) in all or almost almost all of the business units … and common across ( all or almost all of the business units )
to what great extent did you have confidence and trust vested in your project executive team regarding his / her general fairness ?
schedule of work required on job
and would you rate the overall expectations of and quality of the purchasing ( process ) from this website ?
Right now, to what extent do you feel hostile?
users actively participate in determining system security requirements .
member firms often share accepted ways of doing business .
Our systems development methodology defines an ideal process of systems development that is useful, even though it is not followed in practice.
overall quality of the interactions with users .
My superiors expect me to use a PWS.
learning to operate the crm system is easy for the me
Our group members were able to reach consensus on how to apply the electronic meeting system to our task.
users of the software differed a great deal among themselves in the requirements could be met by it .
importance of this two years from now : support end - end computing ( e . g . , info , center , hot line )
the web browser ’ s performance that quickly loads all the images and graphics is … ( very poor / very good )
was there much debate about the issues concerning this system between politicians & others ?
to what extent do you feel that the communication you have received from your project executive was : - incomplete - not complete
the escrow auction method in amazon ’ s auction marketplace : it guarantees that i will get exactly what i pay for .
the virtual workspace or repository used by the team has enabled me to easily easily identify historical connections between database entries .
group structural dynamics
it was difficult to customize software to one set of users without reducing support to more people .
information that contains a very wide wide variety of topics is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
completeness of being .
please rate the effectiveness , by following which your innovative new product development work unit uses the creating online community knowledge communities ( e . g . , virtual discussion - forums ) focused on new ideas and products .
even when i really was using ms excel , i was able to block out all other distractions .
how likely then is it that your firm has the minimum time that it takes to implement it that could enable your firm to use it in the next about 6 months ?
my computer systems are too inflexible to be able for respond to my changing needs for life .
Information that contains necessary topics for your purchase decision Is …(not important at all/extremely important)
the tools provided by the site aid me in identifying which product attributes can best fit my individual needs .
availability and timeliness of content delivery to users
this section clearly describes how i can contact or communicate with legaladvice . com .
our is improve the efficiency of our day - to - night daily operations .
" please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms may have been developed in your organization designed to encourage reuse of the types of resources as listed above : reusability as formal part of any employee performance evaluation
it is [ would be ] easy not for the groups i work closely with to become skillful at using an ems .
just using ( system ) as a ( information technology type ) device enables me to ( accomplish tasks ) more quickly .
Internet websites handle personal information submitted by users in a competent fashion.
evaluate the extent ( and content ) of detailed design information exchanged during collaborative design interactions related to product development after the cpc solution was successfully deployed .
also this website provides me with product reviews by other users .
cost of the quality is analyzed .
class i ( dislike / like ) the idea of using the system .
when a people give personal information to a company for some reason , the company should never use the information for any or other good reason .
line - manager knowledge : in this view , to what degree does each employers ' ss management team recognize it as a tool to increase the number of clerical employees ?
are projects being implemented in a rational sequence ?
opportunity to practice learning techniques .
with respect to representing the vendor team in this outsourcing arrangement , please please indicate only the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the core vendor team is always honest and truthful .
how much important is the number of additional employees needed for your firm regarding the potential use of it in the next next 6 months ?
For me, getting objective product information from a website is.
I frequently receive incompatible requests from two or more parties.
responds promptly whenever any you ( supplier ) need information .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: data management (e.g., data modeling)
the exact definition of data types relating with my tasks is easy to find out .
my past experience with amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s auction marketplace is positive .
i have no desire to buy from the government website .
the way x displays its information is attractive
i would find it much more convenient to simply use this web tool rather than an agent .
the quality and information reliability i originally expected was ; extremely low - very high .
The typical person is sincerely concerned about the problems of others.
members of the this group think information should be free .
business strategies often are driven by the goal of increasing customer value
your new firm using it within the next 6 - months would be : good - bad .
that business that my team developed would convince prospective clients to hire our new consulting firm .
the journal publications count .
i am able to motivate them to do schoolwork
currency ( up - to - dateness ) . output information
transfers know - how of a product or service for you ( customer ) .
i took control over using the system .
how much influence alone do you have in both establishing rules and procedures and about how your work is to be done ?
this section pertains specifically to the usage of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement . system testing ( including system demos ) refers to the formal or informal assessment of the quality of the deliverables , and adherence to all the established technical standards . also please indicate the general extent to which you agree with or disagree with the two following statements : the client team provides written feedback to the vendor team on the performance results of system testing .
Line-Manager Knowledge: In your view, to what extent does each unit'ss management team recognize IT as a tool to increase the productivity of clerical employees?
responds beyond call of your duty to urgent requests .
I do not know enough about this technology to handle my job satisfactorily.
members of the team have made very considerable emotional investments in developing our working relationships .
Short lead time required for new systems development
to gather information about the insurance companies .
i would be able , use the crc .
Relative to other comparable IS projects, how did your most recently completed project rate on efficiency of operations?
the proportion of female co - workers who use a pc
significant weight should be placed upon project quality .
in learning situations , i will tend to set fairly challenging goals for myself
the vendor must keep its commitments .
i could complete that program using the spreadsheet package if i had a lot of time to complete the job for which that software was provided .
... my typical approach is to trust new acquaintances , until they prove i should not trust them .
to what extent did you follow standard military operating procedures or best practices to do your major tasks during only the last 3 months ?
when i begin a task , how often will you know what external information will be required to complete that task ?
it was a very difficult process .
these projects usually overrun budgeted costs
i believe that this new website vendor has my best interests in mind .
increased user confidence in systems
how much would your customers / clients approve of your new firm using it in the next 6 months ?
the tools used by the site allow me to upgrade a product .
to no man will we sell , deny or deny , or delay our right or justice .
and i would find it easy to get chart - master to do what i would want it to
how effective was your group at using all members ' cognitive skills ?
The Web site’s performance that in general, is user-friendly was… (very poor/very good)
the system data is accurate .
after i talk with this community , i usually say “ we ” rather than “ they ” .
ideally we should have used the ems in a similar way .
the system is very user friendly .
it is well known who can help solve the problem associated with implementing the enterprise resource planning package .
training programs and opportunities provided to it talent are ( unique in : all or almost ) all of all the business units … common across all or even almost all of the business units )
after visiting the web site , information that you obtained told you … ( highly dissatisfied / very satisfied )
we adopt innovations very early .
using enterprise resource planning in a company is a disruption in the workplace at first .
To what extent have the key areas and full detail of IT work been incorporated into the overall plan?
so i designed the user training program for this system .
i feel comfortable while depending only on my team members for the completion of the project .
i worked on explaining the web - based design procedures as they were being presented even though i still did not have to
when discussing the various situations which arise in performing your work , 100 percent of the time do you have written or unwritten rules for dealing with them ?
X’s Internet site is aesthetically appealing
the content of the auction listing website is not complete
The methodology lacks sufficient computer support.
software applications on multiple machines of multiple vendors are interoperable directly with each other across all our channel partners
groups i can work with find [ would find ] their interaction with an electronic community meeting system clear , and understandable .
the quality of system and of integration with other systems i had expected was ; very poor - very high .
when someone praises this community , it feels almost a personal compliment .
i am likely will purchase the products ( s ) in this site .
because the contractors were already part of the waiting list , i encouraged the contractors to invest more than other vendors in improving current skills to serve us better .
i am given the necessary support and guidance to change to a new way of working with the nop system by the government .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or what are essential supporting the computing needs of your children three years from now : ability to be sensitive to corporate culture / politics
Groups I work with find [would find] it easy to get an EMS to do what they want [would want] it to do.
our software development approach ( es ) are aware that they can have adapted to the best the resource levels available to individual projects .
i feel comfortable using the small tv even if there is no one with me to tell us how to use it
compared to your employer , how does your employer rate on efficiency of operations ?
how often have you worked with and / or led in developing information systems ?
because the contractors were previously part members of the client organization , i expect the contractors to be better at successfully promoting a more positive management attitude in client organization than other vendors .
when using the web site , information that you found made you feeling ( very dissatisfied / very satisfied )
I feel busy or rushed.
it is more difficult i manage my job effectively because some if the data i need is not available .
and for me , a website that enhances my effectiveness while in purchasing products is important .
but because { - subordinate } also uses software process improvements { subordinate } is more productive in his or her work .
to what extent ? does the ess enable you to justify decisions ?
i ' d need to work with this group again .
which of the following best describes your involvement with a tmt ?
our main competitors who have pioneered enterprise resource planning are favorably perceived by our suppliers and customers .
i would be ( much more / much more ) able to use [ the spreadsheet ] and then the calculator for the assignment because of differences between human resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes to use each one .
not all books count .
shopping on this trip is a good idea .
all that is pertinent to your purchase decision . … ( not significant at all / extremely important )
preparation of a strategic strategy for developing is
an sisp output does not capture all the information that was developed during the process .
i would take the same path through the ess .
security management : both internal - exclusively external
i tried to add information to things that i already know
prompt processing of plans for changes to existing systems
The system provides the precise information I need.
Setting Performance Expectations
importance of activity three years from today : integrate existing and new business ;
Using a PWS is completely compatible with my current situation.
i am very skilled at using this web .
line - manager knowledge : in your perspective , for what extent does each unit ' s management manager recognize it as a tool to increase the productivity of professional managers ?
coordinating of the development efforts of various organizational subunits .
high specificity
communication - edp staff
please indicate how important the following is knowledge you or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to successfully work cooperatively in creating a one - one - two one development and project team environment
the tastes and preferences of your principal customers in determining your principal industry ( 1 = have become far more stable and predictable ; 4 = no change ; and 7 = have become much more harder to accurately forecast ) .
our systems development methodology helps to develop better maintainable systems .
Given the potential problem of releasing my personal information to online companies, the benefits I receive from the companies are fair.
our integrated systems development methodology helps to plan systems development projects .
that it actually will improve communication .
is breakdown for extended periods will also affect organizational activities severely .
work of this team integrate newly coded units of software with existing ones .
extent to which formal policies on parameterization of design / process were implemented .
all other things considered , using the internet tv platform is … extremely bad / extremely good
it is important also to ensure quality of product .
It would be very difficult to modify our contracts or agreements with external data processing service-providers once a contract is signed
I get a sinking feeling when I think of trying to use a computer.
learning to operate the new card deck was easy for me and my staff .
educating top management on the importance of management .
i would characterize legaladvice . not as honest .
evaluate the frequency of collaborative interactions related specifically to product design and product development before the cpc solution was deployed .
it was possible then for the me to buy the product of my choice easily .
using dms in one job will make it more effective ( e . g . , help me making better decisions ) .
i was able to work on the video demonstration .
Due to work-related duties, I have to make changes to my plans for family activities.
the is department that i work here in is a very personal place . it actually is like an extended family and people seem to share a whole lot of themselves .
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site is responsive to your request?
for future ( task - specific ) tasks which are totally within my control , i would probably use ( java ) as the ( task - oriented ) platform .
how much satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the process by which your group can make the decision ?
the attitude of all support service people who experienced was ; very low - very high .
my interaction with such a pws is clear and understandable .
Positive attitude of IS personnel toward users
extent to which you exchange future plans , such as promotion plans and marketing plans , long - term production plans , capital investments , production and capacity utilization plans with ( partner company ) .
while using my web site i found my visit interesting .
The website increases my online shopping effectiveness.
our organization has realized the same performance outcomes as the result of our interactions with our business partner : increased productivity
i would find a lower price for changing my policy using the web services than through an agent .
how knowledgeable are are you about it or business people to contact within your organization or as source of information about how it ?
how would you describe your favorite group member ’ s problem solving process ? satisfying / dissatisfying
I think that other people have read my previous posts.
Our information system is designed to support new business relationships easily
journal publications do usually not count at all .
given such a tough legal ethics issue , i would certainly be willing enough to pay for a 30 - minute phone consultation with a legaladvice . com lawyer .
all things considered , using the internet tv browser is … either extremely harmful / extremely helpful
all recognized is and related journal publications count .
our suppliers have computerized their customer order management process .
it is cheaper we manage our own data processing facilities and infrastructure than to rely on independent data processing service - providers
firms consider it necessary to are regarded by other members as being professionally competent .
Knowledge acquired by firm about use of key technologies.
Our software development approach(es) are such that they can be adapted to the quality goals of individual projects.
and the degree degree of personal control the user has over which is services are received
the responsiveness of emergency services staff
which of the following best describes the senior position is executive ’ s involvement in with the top management team ?
I believe such a web tool would provide more objective recommendations than an agent.
our team has realized the following performance outcomes as a consequence of our interactions with this business partner : improved production .
do you have good user experience of your existing systems ?
the virtual workspace or repository used on my team enabled me to easily label an object with the key words it pertains to .
This business partner is sincere and genuine
is employees are always willing to help other users
Changes in the criteria by which managers evaluate their and/or others' skills and performance.
i could complete half the job using a word processing software package if someone else showed me how to do it first .
availability of timeliness of report delivery to users
the auction listing house design is innovative
having the time needed would make it much , more difficult / easier for even me to get information about building this product .
IS support for users in preparing proposals for new systems
were high payoff projects implemented before projects with less benefit for the organization ?
how important is the training it would take to get your corporate motto " speed to speed " for your firm regarding the completion of it in the next 6 months ?
completes the work job with minimal disruption due to your ( customer ’ s ) operations .
company that develops new technology products critical to your success .
the senior management of our firm actively and formulated a strategy for the best organizational use of enterprise resource planning .
information that contains only a number of different subjects is … ( not important information at all / extremely important )
i had tried to think through to each topic and decide what i was supposed to learn
please rate the effectiveness for your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your current task : we have adequate routines to analyze the information and knowledge required .
members of this group believe that with enough people working together on a project , almost any bug can be quickly found and quickly fixed .
The printers that you use
shopping online gives me a greater control .
because the contractors are previously part of the client organization , i expect these contractors will suggest more initiatives on technology related to client organization than other vendors .
how do you truly evaluate your firm ’ s performance efficiency in applying it to execute outbound logistics ?
reduce time to market all our products .
Our systems development methodology helps to improve the quality of the systems.
evaluating the product on board this website just fits well with the way i like how to evaluate products in physical stores .
only certain categories of is journal published publications count ( i . . e . “ refereed ” and / or “ in editorial reviewed ” ) .
My current auto insurance agent is very knowledgeable about auto insurance policies.
the quality of system ease of use in other technologies i experienced was ; very low - very high .
getting information about this product from a website would be easy .
use titles to change the “ and ” position ?
when i don ’ t focus on a difficult task , i plan to try harder the next time
using a pws makes it easier to do just my job .
our primary way of doing business is closely linked with our customers ’
companies should have better procedures to correct errors made in personal information .
during my last email to booksamillion . com i find my visit enjoyable .
we am very pleased with the information system .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to understand technological trends
i wanted to keep as good a job as necessary no matter how much effort it took .
to the extent are you confident that the group solution is correct ?
the output is presented in a useful binary format .
dr . x is aware of others ' own feelings .
in more general , i like working here
there would be significant problems associated directly with negotiating a specific contract or agreement ( e . , g . , agreeing on specific conditions , prices , etc . ) with an external external service - provider for our data processing services
are there effective consensus processes in place for decision - making and escalation resolution of issues or to allow timely and sound resolution ?
it is pleasant to find the provided information on each screen in the site .
using this web site is : ( will never recommend / will never recommend )
with respect only to the client team in implementing this outsourcing arrangement , please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : overall it support capabilities of the core client team are generally excellent .
using - - - - ( not enjoyable / very enjoyable )
Firms, in conjunction with other members, have competed for contracts that they could not have done on their own.
i already have the knowledge necessary to use the system .
preparation for is is initiated by requests / proposals from project / functional managers .
tmt members you and i share many common interests ( sports , hobbies , cultural , interests , relationships etc )
" how closely did you follow its suggestions ?
the information in this e - mail box is … complete / incomplete
our information retrieval systems are highly scalable
I am concerned about providing personal information to online companies, because of what others might do with it.
freedom exists in how to do job
importance of activity now : manage / plan systems development / system implementation
there will be some noticeable level of confidence among those i will work with .
it replaces any leaving customer staff with someone more qualified or with an equivalent expertise .
using - - - enhances its effectiveness on the job .
overall the website displays visually pleasing design .
in relation to other project design teams you had been a member of and observed , how does your design team take on your reputation for design excellence ?
an external data processing service - provider that would be able to greatly reduce our software costs
higher risk preference
with a low percentage of hardware and systems downtime
how likely is it that you will take steps during the school year to secure a job with a different firm ?
on average , how predictable are each of the criteria following at getting the start of a software development project in to your organization ? actual resources that would be required to complete the development project .
the methodology does therefore sufficiently involve users .
so most , if even not all , the other members of my team felt mutually responsible for the team ' s performance
understands customer ’ s own software or systems requirements clearly .
our end - user help desk was responsive to all - user requests .
policies and procedures greatly influence the process of sisp within a country .
i have had plenty an opportunity to see the pws being destroyed .
it is not .
in your relationship with ( partner company ) , what percentage of delivery procedures were changed to better suit each other ’ s different needs ?
this was a complex process .
Companies should devote more time and effort to verifying the accuracy of the personal information in their databases.
the business practices and routines of our business unit are highly coupled with professional ones of our channel partners
the online grocery store had answers to all my questions about the product .
tmt members and i shares many common interests ( sports , hobbies , social activities , etc )
to what extent is that your is department using booch at present ?
i will have to use the crc , because my fellow professors require it .
efficient running of current embedded systems ( costs , ease of use , documentation , and maintenance )
the web - site ’ s overall performance in providing information that is trustworthy was … ( very poor / very very good )
improved access to suppliers ’ price and product requirements .
Our IS improve the efficiency of our day-to-day business operations.
maintaining an understanding of changing organizational processes or procedures .
importance and activity three years from now : implement system evaluation processes
The contractors are knowledgeable regarding their services.
low error rates .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: Group members manage to successfully interconnect their activities.
i have to continue using this system to justify my decisions .
the rest of the crc will be compatible with the systems i work .
educating top management on the relative importance of it .
using the crc may be : unpleasant - pleasant .
How do you evaluate your firm's performance in applying IT to support enhancing customer linkages?
the original proposed developers of the current electronic meeting system would view the our group ’ s use of the system as inappropriate .
evaluate the extent ( content ) of detailed design information provided in collaborative interactions related to software development after the cpc solution was deployed .
The team is dealing with a nonroutine problem.
how effective was this meeting versus previous - verbal meetings ?
This seller is likely to be reliable.
the benefit provided out by the www was better than what i expected .
on the different reports or systems i deal with , the exact meaning - of data elements is either obvious or easy to easily find .
she took this task seriously .
i interact among tmt members on the formal level ( e . g . , official meetings . work - related phone numbers , etc . )
this section pertains to the actual usage and of requirements documentation provided by the client team in this outsourcing business arrangement . please indicate the extent of to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client assesses the extent to date which the vendor team meets all the requirements specified by consulting the client .
CIO primarily uses business terminology when interacting with TMT members
the online workspace or repository provided by the team enabled me to easily find specific entries in repositories which have were contributed by specific individuals .
the ability of the support service people to keep the records i think was ; very low - extremely high .
it is important to control pollution .
my business card company will stand by you if problems occur during transactions between sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace .
there is a very strong feeling in the our is group that a common purpose exists .
In general, it would be risky to give (the information) to online companies.
I feel confident using a computer to learn about and apply new concepts
Importance of knowing what information a company keeps about me in their databases.
work on organizationally driven projects
The impact of using the Exact card system is apparent to my staff and me.
this website recommends products that potentially interest just me .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We are able to identify and acquire internal (e.g., within the group) and external (e.g., market) knowledge.
in respect to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please specify the degree to which you agree or disagree with these following statements : the client team has a skill set necessary to managing interorganizational relationships .
groups i work with find [ and would - find ] and ems to be flexible to interact with .
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is credible was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
i would never hesitate to use the mortgage / mortgage information legaladvice . com supplied me .
" the personal information in these databases should remain double - checked for accuracy - no matter how much this costs .
for me , getting accurate product information from a website really is .
and how often are you able to acquire the additional external information needed to complete completing the task ?
the speed by day which a website provides information would make it a much more time difficult / easier for me to get information about this product .
Paper reduction.
be highly respected by top quality management
i expect that i too would be able now to use mds at anytime , anywhere .
I would feel uncomfortable using the CRC on my own.
learning to use this web site would be easy for everyone .
Next time I need to shop for a PDA, I would like to use this website.
software software would meet user needs .
I use instant messenger to talk to people from this community frequently.
Supplier that keeps you updated on your requests.
signal processing : exclusively internal - exclusively external
please note the degree and environmental turbulence that your npd work unit faces in your product - market area : new product developments were very frequent in this market .
Information technology planning: exclusively internal-exclusively external
It is rarely required to obtain information from others to complete this task.
i have the necessary resources , knowledge , and ability to use the internet . tv
Amazon is a competent and knowledgeable auction host/intermediary.
i will not comply completely with the change to the new way of our working with the nop system .
visitors can save money by using this website .
how knowledgeable are you about secondary sources or of knowledge as source matter of information about it ?
how would you rate this design based on the number of innovations or new ideas introduced to your design team ?
in general , it would be risky to just give ( the information ) away to online companies .
interpersonal ;
once the trial period is over , i will need to permanently adopt a smart chip payment system as quickly as possible .
In general, I have been satisfied with the sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auction marketplace.
i put in a lot of extra effort .
when you actually begin a task , how often do you know what basic external background information will be required to complete the task ?
this vendor is interested in my well - being , not in its own .
the tools provided on the site allow me to obtain the product
Using CHART-MASTER would improve my job performance
that this business partner is sincere and genuine
how likely is it that your own firm has compatibility with current software updates that could enable even your firm to use it in the next 6 months ?
the extent to which reuse of code / design components is monitored .
please rate the overall effectiveness of your new product development work - unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : group members : ensure of a fair sharing of resources .
firms consider making it important to fulfill their obligations to other members to maintain up their reputation within the network .
How would you rate this design team on their reputation for work excellence during requirements definition?
accepts scope for change without additional charge .
to become members capable of joining the network , candidate firms must each have skills / expertise that are beneficial to the existing members .
employees of company understand the specific needs of its users
If I could, I would like to continue my use of the WWW.
was there much debate about the issues of this system between yourself with others ?
Importance of activity three years from now: integrate existing and new business applications
this site remains trustworthy .
it was a difficult task .
in doing your job how exactly did you use a microcomputer ?
instructions that are hard i follow are : bad - good .
at around the time that your organization group was being strongly encouraged to adopt edi , approximately what percentage of purchases ( dollar value ) were from this investment firm ?
i feel that the amount of work i do interferes with how hard it is working .
i am likely to recommend this site to my family .
groups i work out with find [ they would find ] and ems to be flexible to interact with .
interpersonal .
requirements identified at the beginning of the project were completely different from those at the end .
the system provides up - - to - date information .
Ability to customize outputs to various user needs
a phrase which fits into my workstyle is : ( bad / good ) .
internet websites handle personal information submitted by internet users in a competent fashion .
i could complete the job by using the software package if there was someone else giving the me stop by step instructions .
my organization provides technical training to help employees improve their awareness of computer security and information security issues .
there is a strong feeling in our is group , a higher purpose exists .
The quality of system flexibility I originally expected was; very low-very high.
a web site that always has a simple layout for its contents and is … ( not important , at all / extremely important )
my organization has specific guidelines that describe the use of by - mail .
these is units will be employees who give users personal attention
overall responsiveness for the software to users
a service that will improve my grades is : b - good .
Interactions between firms are guided by the ideals of the open source movement.
members of this group think cooperation also is important .
using ( system ) makes it easier to do using ( system ) .
so i would have no difficulty telling others about the results of tests using a pws .
does the student information system provide the personal information you need ?
the mail supports critical aspects of my job
assessing on the strategic importance of emerging technologies .
meaningless ? wrong ?
We can easily share our data with our customers
how would you characterize your possibility of using the advanced technology offered by this vendor to carry out purchasing transactions ? significant risk - significant threat .
The auction listing design is innovative
this is a sense of personalness in the website .
I would be comfortable using a computerized training program
when people give their personal information to a company for some reason , the company should never use the information intended for them any other reason .
i have the knowledge necessary to run the system .
in interacting with customers , i must suppress irritation i may already feel .
sellers in amazon ' s auction houses did a good job in the past .
i would like using this website
because these contractors were previously part within the client organization , i expect these contractors to be more willing to work longer hours than other vendors .
dealing for others
Overall, I like the idea of using DMS in my job.
sellers in amazon . ’ ' s / ebay ’ s auctions are in general honest .
how knowledgeable are the project management team about potential and limitation of current it ?
The business plan my team developed would convince experienced consultants to join our new consulting firm.
The website is visually pleasing.
on average , please rate the performance of amazon ' s / ebay ’ s retail sellers in terms of offering high price products .
It will have high costs to buy or develop.
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate exactly the extent to to which you agree , or disagree , with the following following policy statements : there clearly are established procedures and practices that can reasonably be followed to perform this outsourced as is activity .
just using a pws increases my productivity .
several members of our project team have worked quite hard on this project .
belief in the importance of different inputs ( thus the power - related persons ) to the solution of questions .
I believe that online shopping is reliable.
i also can acquire product information on this website from different sensory channels .
now the web site was engaging .
projects , whose primary benefit is providing new decision support or information to top management .
the firm ’ s present and future products , markets , business operations , and business
The improving of new systems development (with respect to time, cost, quality, disruptions)
the group used the ems as originally intended by the creators .
we also have successfully integrated most of our software applications with the ones of our youtube channel partners
it is important also to minimize payment time .
i feel like the amount of work i do interferes with the well it is done .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance before applying it to its marketing ?
The opportunity to learn new things is important to me
the provision of training and courses i had originally expected was ; very low - very high .
using an ems improve [ or improve ] the performance of groups i work with .
IS tell users exactly when services will be performed
overall , your business partner is capable and proficient
the information in this e - mail is … accurate / |
reliability of application software .
using a pws improves the quality of work to do .
changing the exact card system increases both productivity of me and my staff .
the information provided in the auction listing is not presented clearly
for example , getting valuable information about a product from a client is .
due to work - related duties , i will have to constantly make changes to my plans for family activities .
I was able to make changes to the formalized agreement of work to be done [during system definition/ during physical design/during implementation].
the cost of interacting with other social network members is low .
That it will improve efficiency.
My attention was focused – my attention was not focused.
most internet vendors are interested in customer well - being , and not just in their own wellbeing .
does the total cost for maintaining existing systems exceed expected ( or budgeted ) costs ?
i socialize directly with the tmt members ( see e . - g . , social gatherings , golf , tennis , etc . )
importance of activity three years : now : manage / plan systems development / ;
the virtual workspace or repository used by the company enabled me to easily access and contributed a piece of knowledge to the team repository .
I could complete the job using a software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
how would next you rate the overall risk of carrying - out transactions using this exchange ?
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is easy to read was…(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
i believe that the organization monitors any modification or altering of computerized software by employees .
where necessary , members of this team try to simplify existing code , without changing its actual functionality .
subjective - subjective .
data are available only once to be retrieved by most applications of our channel .
in addition , legaladvice . com is very knowledgeable in the law .
what is your level in education ?
while browsing this website , i had the strong inclination never to purchase items outside my specific shopping goal .
Attends key project meetings regularly.
Reduction in administrative expenses.
and how often is the external information processing that you have on hand at the beginning part of a task adequate to complete the task ?
your industry insider ’ s practices
to what extent is it is department of stradis ( structured analysis , design , implementation of information systems ) at present ?
i intend to continue using this system to help plan or to follow - up on my tasks .
my organization has processes that will assure that almost all team members involved will be treated fairly and equitably .
given the potential problem of releasing personal personal information to online companies , the benefits i receive from these companies are enormous .
overall , - - - is very high quality .
interacting with the live tv did not require a lot of my mental effort
Frequently, my need for information arises on an irregular schedule and is not predictable in advance.
when companies ask me for personal information , then i sometime may think twice before providing it .
firms find it easy to get work with other network members because they use their common open - source tools and conventions .
please further rate the overall effectiveness of your new product development work unit in recurrently evaluating tests to determine basic performance against shifting technical specifications relative to all your major market competitors .
the methodology fails to accurately assess the current information systems applications portfolio .
there was a sense of human warmth in the website .
potential for chemical process re - engineering .
the primary purpose of project management is to endorse rather than formulate is plans .
Online companies tell the truth related to the collection and use of the personal information of their customers.
I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
the person providing his dms training was credible .
using the system improves my overall performance in my job .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to question your preconceptions?
what is the general knowledge of www ?
using a pws enables me to accomplish tasks more efficiently .
a very specific person ( or group ) team is available for assistance with system difficulties .
The Web site’s performance that provides a few clicks to locate information was… (very poor/very good)
transfers know - how of the product products or service to suit you ( customer ) .
using electronic mail gives me greater control over my ;
assigns an adequate staff dedicated to the overall project ( i . e . , few staff changes ) .
how important is the compatibility with current hardware for your firm regarding even the possible use of it again in the next 6 months ?
practical advantages of the crc often outweigh the disadvantages .
Our company relies heavily on IS for efficient operation.
firms find it easy to work with other network members , because both they are flexible and willing to adapt .
While using the web site I felt in control.
our is enable us both to continuously develop detailed analyses of our present business situation .
overall , - - - is in high quality .
IS department profitability (from chargeouts for services as a profit center)
the web site ’ s performance in providing information information that is easy to easily read , was … ( much lower than you initially thought / much higher than you thought )
what percentage is the percentage for microcomputers being linked by lans ?
i would find it more economically convenient to actually file a claim on the web than through an agent .
The tools provided by the site make it easy for me to find an online store to obtain the product.
The Web site’s performance in providing information that is in general, reliable for making your purchase decision was …(much lower than you thought/much higher than you thought)
i believe that when you ask for what i get in online shopping .
i feel used up at the end of each workday .
developing very clear guidelines of managerial responsibility for plan implementation .
there is a very high potential potential for loss involved in participating in amazon auctions .
To aid me in my (accomplishment of tasks), overall, I feel (system) as a (technology type) is: helpful-unhelpful
my staff and i find the exact card very easy to use .
LegalAdvice.com would keep its commitments.
i suddenly was totally immersed in addressing this problem .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or other skills that are in supporting the computing performance needs of your company now : data management ( or e . g . , data modeling )
at parties , or other social gatherings , i do not attempt not to do or say things that others will not like
and my ability to critically analyze “ community - first - ” issues was improved .
your access to security services staff
Please rate the performance of Amazon’s auction sellers on average on fulfilling these goals: Timeliness of delivery.
using a pws now makes it easier to do my job .
i frequently deal with ad hoc , nonroutine business solutions .
overall specifications for the finished goods we procure are simple .
employers have increased access to skilled personnel .
the internet has enough safeguards to make me now feel more comfortable using it to transact personal business .
I prefer complex problems to simple problems.
makes it on time .
please also indicate the extent of enterprise resource planning adoption by your firm ’ s local suppliers .
Evaluate the cost of overall product development before the CPC solution was deployed.
member firms share a common core software development philosophy .
How knowledgeable is the TMT about how your competitors are applying IS?
The behavior of employees will instill confidence in users
how do ( es ) the actual it project ( s ) within of the program rank in complexity , relative to other it projects in the organization ?
Companies should never share personal information with other companies unless it has been authorized by the individuals who provided the information.
our systems development methodology improves our morale in our is department .
for your new firm using it within the next 6 months would be : positive - negative .
what is the percentage for enterprise data collection within database management system ?
to indicate your level level of knowledge about the current hardware ( e . g . , computers , communication networks ) assets of the your business unit ?
considering the hassle that i have to get experience , the change to the new and way out of working with the nop computer system is beneficial to me .
these is units will have the users ’ best interests . heart
I intend to use the CRC this term.
i make it easy and get the ( task - based ) portions of ( system ) to do what i want it to do .
the training program only got to me more excited about becoming more computer literate .
there was a clearly defined way to build software that would meet these requirements specifications .
If problems such as delays arise, the contractors are honest  about the problems.
when faced with a particular task , using the www is the obvious choice to me .
importance of activity three years out from now : manage / plan feasibility / program approval process for new systems and new technology
the way in which the components of our physical systems are organized and integrated allows for rapid changes
precision arithmetic output
our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with all our organization
just how much tension is there among members of your team ?
I feel that I can trust my team members completely.
how likely was it that your firm has financial assets that could enable your firm to use it in the next twenty years ?
an executive earning $ 50 , 100 a year padded his own account by about $ 1500 per year .
the planning flow within our organization can come classified as “ topdown ” .
i could successfully use this computerized training program
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily know rationale behind the decisions made by team members so that decisions and rationale can be revisited later.
i have seen several pws in use outside my firm .
When companies ask me for personal information, I sometime think twice before providing it.
evaluating of the product on this online website is compatible with how i evaluate products in physical stores .
how frequently are you conflicts about ideas in your team ?
the improving of new systems development ( with respect only to time , cost , production quality , disruptions )
journal - publications do not count at all .
How likely is it that your firm has compatibility with current hardware that could enable your firm to use IT in the next 6 months?
we put up a lot of effort .
i believe i could not communicate to many others the consequences of using a pws .
It does not take a long time to load the front page of the site.
based on the reports provided to you on the web site , do you expect stories on our web site to be easy to read ?
it will tell users exactly when services will be performed
how would she rate the overall risk of taking out transactions using this exchange ?
Team members have developed effective plans and procedures to coordinate work.
staff interact with tmt members on the formal level ( e . g . , official meetings . school - related phone calls , etc . )
i find it easy to quickly get the ( task - related ) portions of ( system ) data to do what i want it to to do .
based on the good advice i had just read , i would serve notice , wait , go ahead , and get the repair done , and then deduct the cost of the repair from paying my monthly rent .
I had the opportunity to symbolically process the presented information.
and please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in ways supporting the computing needs of your new company now : ability to plan , to organize and lead projects
Data are entered only once to be retrieved by most applications of our channel partners
please indicate how very important and the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting all the computing needs of your company now : the ability to plan and execute work in a collaborative environment
overall leadership leadership success . ( a leadership failure ? a leadership success )
i could complete the job using the spreadsheet package if there was no one else to tell me everything to expect as i go .
our major corporations have computer systems in place and quickly respond to our product enquiries .
our process for strategic planning was very structured .
if asked , it would likely recommend ( system ) as a ( not related ) platform .
product performance critically affects performance performance of other parts or components .
the following questions ask you how you would characterize yourself when you read computers : .
does your student information system provide the precise information you need ?
to do this job effectively , i should act as if to empathize with the customer despite my actual lack of concern .
quality & competence of systems analysts employed by is department
having this website can improve my shopping performance .
right now , to what , do you feel irritable ?
i was satisfied with the payment option ( with e . g . , different credit cards ) while at the same store i shopped .
i certainly did not have to , spend too much time to complete the transaction .
he could complete the job using a software system if someone else had helped me get started .
when i was using ms excel , i was completely confident in what i was doing .
please rate the method by which your own product and work environment uses an adequacy of information technology tools to visualize and track project status , task lists , and progress of workflows in the new product development process .
in your private life , how important there is respect for tradition ?
when i was using ms excel , i also used features that helped me test different mathematical assumptions in the raw data .
Control systems are used to monitor variances between planned actions and outcomes.
our product development methodology helps to decompose the parts to be developed into workable parts .
sellers in amazon ’ s auctions are in and general trustworthy .
even the web site aroused my imagination .
I need some data on the up-to-the-minute status of operations or events but cannot get it.
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is in general , reliable for making its next decision was … ( slightly higher than you thought / much lower than you thought )
As you indicated earlier, outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement. With respect to outsourced activity, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements: This outsourced IS activity is quite routine and repetitive.
Identifying IT-related opportunities to support the strategic direction of the firm.
Member firms share a common software development philosophy.
this section pertains to the usage of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement . " system testing ( including system demos ) refers to the formal or informal assessment of the quality requirements of all the deliverables and adherence to all the established technical standards . please also indicate only the extent to such which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team routinely conducts testing on the system testing components delivered by the vendor team .
decisions in is planning are tightly linked to deciding the organization ’ ' s strategic plan .
is has operating hours being convenient to all its users
the company provides me guidance on how to adjust to the new model by working with the nop system .
cio : tmt members :
How do you evaluate your firm’s performance in applying IT to execute sales?
Keeps customer staff turnover low during the project.
i expect that the mds would be interesting .
thus overall , our systems development methodology helps to make users more satisfied with our existing systems .
the training showed them the value of using excel in solving problems .
using chart - master would make it easier and do my job
there are constant changes in computer hardware and in our organization .
in your job , how important would it be for you and have an element of variety and variety in the job ?
i used what i have learned in the past and try to excel at learning the material
thus for this system , i has defined / helped define input / output forms .
i am also threatened by coworkers with newer technology skills .
Information systems chief executive is evaluated for quality performance.
instructions that are hard to follow are : be bad - good .
formal methods such : jad and prototyping are regularly used for requirement elicitation .
after using the web site , the information that you obtained , made you … ( disappointed / delighted )
strategic is planning is a typically relatively isolated organizational activity .
i knew that using mds would be pleasurable .
using electronic mail just saves me time
shared view of the role of is as the competitive element for our organization
companies should have better procedures to correct correct errors in personal information .
as you indicated earlier , outsourced work activity is the primary research focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with particular respect to outsourced work activity , please , indicate here the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : this activity has evolved in developing our organization through our collective learning .
please indicate the frequency range with which you can automatically maintain a record of the changes made in a design .
I am in full agreement with it.
please indicate how important all the following is knowledge you or skills are in to supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : telecommunications
training has progressed from facts to general conclusion .
information technology systems : exclusively internal - exclusively external
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in early phases during this project .
- - - - operates reliably .
while at the web site i found my visit enjoyable .
Supplier that will be flexible in response to requests that may be beyond the terms of your contract.
all the setup parameters of the crc will be compatible with the way i work .
how well effective was your group at using all members ' skills ?
Effectiveness
the quality of information timeliness i had experienced was ; very - low - very high .
our is an effective coordination across functions ( e . a . , marketing , sales ) and product lines .
i tried to put important ideas into writing my own words
this work environment allows myself to get help from coworkers when needed .
using this the system is ( unpleasant / pleasant ) .
using up a pws fits into my work style .
a web site that is well documented is … ( very important at all / extremely important )
learning how to purchase this product from her web site would be easy .
increase agricultural productivity
i believe strongly that a pws is cumbersome to use .
now the company has an up - to - date website .
navigating between pages was always a problem .
line - manager knowledge : in your view , to the extent does each unit ' a management team recognize it as a tool helping increase overall productivity of professional employees ?
the web site ' s performance profile is a clear design was - ( very poor / very good )
firm use communications ( e . g . , mailing list , voip ) to coordinate communication .
frequent attendance at project meetings .
in general , the web is now a robust and safe environment in which to transact information .
ability to customize it to various user needs
so a service line with equipment that is easy to operate is : bad - good .
How often have you participated in and/or led in managing information systems projects?
with your private life , how important was persistence ( perseverance ) ?
frequency of new product introduction or service introduction : much much better rate than the competition - much worse than the competition .
i would have no difficulty telling others of the results of using the pws .
it is designed to minimize pollution .
communication about evaluating or revising the drafts .
their physical facilities will be considered visually appealing
To what extent does the ESS enable you to improve your insight into the business?
using the crc is a : bad concept - good idea .
It would be very costly for our competitors to imitate this business process.
it is important to minimize time to produce a product .
how knowledgeable are the top management team about use and limitation of current it ?
how much of the same are the day - to - - day situations , problems , or issues you encounter in performing all your major tasks ( how much variability there is there in performing your tasks or job ) ?
increased flexibility of data and reports available from systems
many companies are trustworthy in sharing the personal information of their customers .
using an pws improves my job performance .
what is the case for business practices conducted with suppliers / customers using edi ?
importance of activity - now : integrate existing and new business applications
general ledger : exclusively internal internal - exclusively external
the performance of the web site that was well organized was : ( much lower than you thought / much higher than you think )
in joining this team , one has to be alert or someone is likely going to take advantage of you .
The senior management of our firm actively formulated a strategy for the organizational use of  enterprise resource planning .
What is your general knowledge of client-server?
shopping on this street is appealing .
i could complete the job using the same software software package if there was someone giving me stop - by step instructions .
I intent to use --- at every opportunity over the next year.
using the pws enhances my effectiveness on the job .
please rate the performance of your new product development work unit relative to all your major market competitors in accelerated , time - to - market .
design projects whose primary benefit is providing new decision support information to top end management .
place of work
generally speaking , i feel happy with this job .
what is also the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in reporting the team ' s yearly progress to a much higher organizational level .
this second section pertains to the usage of system testing in implementing this outsourcing arrangement . system quality testing ( including system demos ) refers to the formal or informal technical assessment of the quality of all the deliverables and adherence thereof to the established technical standards . please please indicate the extent , to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : performance appraisal of the vendor team by the client team is dependent , in part , on the extent to which all the completed system testing is successful .
but please indicate how important to the consideration following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs ahead of your company three years away from now : the ability to develop and deliver effective , informative , and persuasive presentations
the assignment has a clear objective .
this website is helpful in familiarizing me with the concept .
constricted ? but spacious ?
i became satisfied with the payment option ( e . g . , some credit cards ) at the time i shopped .
The computer systems available to me are missing critical data that would be very useful to me in my job.
the web - site ’ s performance that provides a few thousand clicks to locate sensitive information was … ( very poor / very good )
it is important to minimize water pollution .
i intend to continue using this system today to solve various problems .
trust accounting system : exclusively internal - exclusively external
groups i work with find [ would we find ] their interaction with an existing electronic public meeting system clear and understandable .
changes in with the personnel with whom one interacts .
" please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs , of your company right now : 4th generation languages
please indicate how important the company is knowledge or skills are in meeting the business needs of your company three years from now : data support systems
instructions for using equipment in the crc will often be hard found to follow .
i intend to use dms for more of my own job responsibilities .
there is a comprehensive information systems quality improvement plan .
the overall atmosphere and screen displays of all the sites are well coordinated .
in your job , how important would it be to you you have good working working conditions ?
the team is using the nonroutine process to address the issue .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are necessary in to supporting the computing needs of all your company now : network
people trust the online store to deliver the product on time .
relative to other comparable - is projects , how did your most recently completed project rate on quality of the produced finished work ?
using dms in my job seemed a good idea .
overall long term performance of software .
some online companies make a reasonable effort to not allow for their customers to correct inaccurate personal information stored in their databases .
a more proper on - the - job tryout of the various possible uses of the pws is currently not possible .
what good is it that your firm has compatibility with current hardware that could enable your firm to use it in these next 6 months ?
metrics are recalibrated to reflect the changes in the software development process .
short lead time required for new product development
we were totally immersed with resolving this problem .
the performance of the web site that , in general , it is not easy to navigate was … ( much lower than you thought / much ( higher than you thought )
personal computer ( pc ) management : mostly internal - exclusively external
my own superiors expect me to use a pws .
A service that is of no benefit to me is: bad - good.
we increased our productivity .
reduction in lead generation time .
the quality of the system user friendliness i originally expected was ; very low - very very high .
my ability to critically analyze “ community - related ” issues has improved .
please indicate how important the following is , or skills are in supporting the technical needs of your company now : ability you understand technological trends
and please indicate how important the very following is what knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to focus on technology as simply a means , not an end
i would not be ( much more / very much less ) able to use [ the spreadsheet ] , rather more than my calculator for the assignment , because of differences in the resources , opportunities and knowledge it takes me to use each one .
please consider most important the following technological knowledge or skills are in meeting the computing needs of your company now : operating systems : mainframes
i now feel more confident purchasing the policy through the web than through my agent .
i try to always avoid any situations that require thinking in - depth about something .
organizational technical and support infrastructure are available to assist me with case of problems .
and how would you rate the information exchanged with ( partner company ) in terms , of its relevancy to your business needs , compared with information being exchanged with other , similar partners ?
external data processing service - providers would need to be closely and constantly monitored to ensure if they adhere to specific contractual terms and conditions
Please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm's senior IS executive in your firm’s competitors.
they would insist on error - free records
in relation to other project design groups you have been a member of i observed , what does your design team rate by your ability to coordinate with one another ?
requirements identified at beginning of project were completely different from those existing at time .
if the choice , of a ( high technology type ) platform itself were up to me , it would likely be ( system ) .
in general , sellers in amazon ’ s / ebay / ’ ' s auctions have generally done a good job of meeting all their contractual obligations assigned to me during our transactions . ( reverse )
my work environment requires us to complete tasks in an unsatisfactory manner .
After using the Web site, information that you obtained made you… (very dissatisfied/very satisfied)
an example , becoming able to easily operate equipment on my own is : unimportant - important .
after entering the search site , information that you obtained made your … ( very dissatisfied / very satisfied )
i just guess i put on a show to impress or entertain people
and to what extent were your opinions about this system not actually considered by others ?
this information pertains to the usage at meetings or event calls in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate the agreement to whether you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client assesses overall performance of the vendor either during the meetings or the conference calls .
shopping on this website sounds a good idea .
in the reports or systems i deal with , the exact meaning of data analysis is not obvious or easy to find .
revised my creative writing .
The CRM system enables me to work in the way I prefer
this web interface is helpful for familiarizing me with the product .
using only the crc will fit well with the way i work .
" overall , i find using such a pws to be advantageous in my job .
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a consequence of its interactions with this business model : increased productivity
in your experience , how much are subordinates afraid of express disagreement with their superiors ?
to me , this is the best retail website to call business with
a service that fits well with the way i do work here is : bad - good .
how much would information systems people / group approve of your computer doing it in the next 6 days ?
the methodology fails to take into account legal and environmental concerns .
higher overall product quality .
please note the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses this adequacy of information technology tools to visualize , monitor project status , help lists , and progress to workflows in the new product design process .
the following information from - - - is always up to date .
I will try to learn as much as I can from this training class.
members of this group believe in helping the others .
it helps users ’ personal information effectively .
using this web site can increase overall my shopping productivity .
The responsiveness of computer services staff
" i plan not to use the system in the next < n > months .
how well did the contractors actually deliver what service they promised in terms of providing software maintenance specified above in the sla ?
Establishing a uniform basis for prioritizing projects.
all the publications count .
Inferior competitive position.
staff members .
Relative to other comparable IS projects, how did your most recently completed project rate on amount of produced work?
I would feel comfortable using the CRC on my own.
in respect to the vendor involved in the outsourcing arrangement , please find an extent at which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the vendor team is interested in their client team ’ s well - being , not just their own .
knowledge acquired by firm about supporting partners ' business .
a service with more benefits than disadvantages is : ( bad / better ) .
meeting - assigned deadlines
I expect that MDS would be reasonably priced.
even a web site that has a clear design is … ( not very important at all / extremely important )
integrated processes exist to ensure multiple product life - cycle processes are identified and planned concurrently by design after the cpc solution was selected .
and how likely are you , within over the next three years to : refuse to actually purchase a product because you disagree strongly with the way a company uses personal information .
the web site aroused my curiosity .
That it will help us better serve our customers / clients.
evaluating the product on this website fits well in a way i like to evaluate it in physical stores .
with what extent do you feel that the communication you heard from your chief executive was : untimely - timely
my group ’ ' s use of the ems system was consistent with all the goals and attitudes the systems aims [ aimed ] to promote .
replace any leaving customer staff with anyone more qualified or with equivalent expertise .
Business insights are exchanged between us and our other channel partners
the hardware platform used in the software .
For me, being able to easily operate equipment on my own is: (unimportant/ important).
in your private life , how importance has thrift ?
firms consider it important to fulfill their contractual obligations to other members to maintain their reputation within , the network .
i could complete the job using the software package if i showed you how to do it first .
using the internet tv is .
The disadvantages of my using a PWS far outweigh the advantages.
Using Booksamillion.com stretched my capabilities to the limits.
product requires significant sharing of your proprietary information with your supplier .
with those factors in mind , indicate physical attractiveness to you of being a highly skilled performer in your current job .
i had missed the opportunity to accurately reproduce the demonstrated computer operations .
the organization has a formal rule that forbids employees from accessing computer systems that they are not authorized to access .
or the extent to which you would reveal ( the information ) through the program : willing - willing .
If you are a highly effective performer in your current job, the likelihood (probability) that you will frequently work overtime to meet deadline is...
i would have greater confidence in the products offered in such web sites than those offered by an agent .
user involvement by strong control . users may pay directly for new development but out of their own budgets , or the user ' ss . overall organizational and performance evaluation also depends on the overall outcome of the development effort .
How free did you feel to discuss with the project executive the problems and difficulties you had in this project without jeopardizing your position or having it “held against you” later?
Supplier that allows your participation in their planning and goal-setting activities.
learning to operate the same exact card system was easy for me - and my staff .
Please indicate the extent to which the following mechanisms have been developed in your organization to encourage reuse of the types of resources listed above: Reward system for reusing existing resources
i would trust the popularity of such web sites more than the recommendation of my agent for access to the appropriate level of coverage for my needs .
in creating my work , i often have to try to balance two or more conflicting preferences .
It is convenient to make exchanges and obtain refunds for the purchased goods and services.
necessary and understandable
currency ( close - to - dateness ) of output information
credit card card processing : exclusively internal - exclusively external
digital audio - visual .
the practical results of using a pws are apparent to me .
when i wanted to , i could become skillful at making good product purchasing decisions via the internet .
our business partner is competent and effective during their interactions with our organization
Are high payoff projects implemented before projects with less benefit to the organization?
for me , getting products at bargain prices within the first 30 days was important .
to indicate how important the organization requires knowledge these skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : ability to develop and deliver effective , informative , yet persuasive presentations
using the internet tv is useful for improving my communication and information search
overall , all of my expectations from using this website were confirmed .
my own decision to participate in amazon auctions is risky .
Increasing the proportion of IS department’s effort expended in creating new systems
i make errors frequently when not using electronic mail
are projects delayed due mainly to design or implementation problems ?
projects whose primary benefit is providing new product support information to top managers .
i will review websites with similar characteristics to those of this website in the future .
The quality of system user friendliness I originally expected was; very low-very high.
training programs and opportunities provided to it talent are ( unique in all ) almost all of the business , … common in all or almost everyone of the business units )
Information related to goods and services offered in this business is accurate.
with due respect also to the client team in this outsourcing arrangement , please also indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team has very strong customer relationship management capabilities .
a message that will improve my grades is : ( bad / bad ) .
online publishers should have better procedures to correct errors in personal information .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in all above activities relative to your direct competitors : we effectively interrelate our resources and manage rapidly changing conditions .
my attitude attitude toward using - - - is ( ) very unfavorable / very favorable )
i believe that . this is my favorite retail website
delivers complete and comprehensive documentation ( e . a . , manuals , product and consumer information ) .
the website is visually similar .
improve the quality in existing service .
damage to their customer relationships .
i have seen a pws in action outside my firm .
working in this distributed distributed team is helping me learn about how best to reduce redundancy of information and knowledge in the team .
Job Security
the typical person is sincerely concerned about the welfare of others .
Our firm has automated the ordering process for production goods (raw materials).
Reliability of reports.
feel like using this website
availability and timeliness of report delivery by users
many companies make a reasonable effort to get information before they collect sensitive personal information from online consumers .
I formally approved work done by the Information Systems/Data Processing staff [during system definition/ during physical design/during implementation].
to demonstrate the effectiveness of your new product development working unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : management actively involved in activities at the working units .
The information in this e-mail is…consistent/inconsistent
Shopping on this website is appealing.
the tools provided in the site allow me to get reports on my financial transactions with my company .
even my current auto insurance agent is honest in his / her dealings and with me .
Compared to Google alone: enables me to find good information faster.
sensitive - not so sensitive .
i love x ’ s internet site is very exciting
our business relationship with [ a vendor name ] is characterized by high levels of mutual trust
use of the pull - down menu bar instead to interface with wordperfect ?
based on the daily reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect that using the web - site quickly loads all text and graphics ?
have a great deal of power and influence on the public
line - up manager knowledge : in your view , to what extent does not each unit ' ss management team ever recognize it as a tool to increase the productivity of clerical office employees ?
in using the web auction listing , one can find contact information ( e . g . e - mail mail addresses , phone numbers , etc . )
level of work pressure and performance reduction . ( e . g . , updating it skills , information and data overload , and electronic monitoring ) .
we depend heavily upon paper documents during the entire procurement process .
any web site that is interesting to navigate is … ( very important at all / extremely important )
because { subordinate } uses software process improvements { subordinate } employee has improved the quality of his / or her own work .
i would feel uncomfortable using the crc system on my own .
its web site excited my curiosity .
our is improve the efficiency of our new day - and to - day business operations .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or expertise needed in supporting your computing needs of your company now : ability to learn new technologies
symbolic involvement . user input input is requested but ignored .
Amazon.com improves my performance in shopping for CDS.
flexible - weight .
relative to other comparable work is [MASK] projects , how did your most recently completed project rate on effectiveness of your interactions with consultants ?
The information in this e-mail is…informative/uninformative
- - - provides students with a complete set of information .
On average, please indicate the extent to which, and the percent of which, documentation consists of reused components.
During my last visit to Booksamillion.com I felt confused.
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily interweave notes, chat, e-mail, and documents in the repository.
but i would use websites with similar characteristics to those of using this website in the future .
the average of the responsiveness of the support service he experienced was ; extremely low - very high .
significant weight will be often placed upon timely project completion .
I find Booksamillion.com easy to use.
CEO's vision for IT
overall , how do you feel regarding the website that you identified : dissatisfied - disappointed .
any executive earning $ 50 , 00 a year padded his expense account by about $ 1500 per year .
provides a fast turnaround to your ( supplier ’ s ) requests .
please indicate how important the following area is knowledge or what skills are in supporting the computing support needs of your company now : systems analysis / structured analysis
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus matter of all your team in implementing this outsourcing arrangement . with particular respect to outsourced activity , please also indicate the maximum extent to to which you may agree or disagree with the following statements : this activity is synergistic with other capabilities of the our organization .
I find DMS to be useful in my job.
The content of the auction listing is not complete
Our process for strategic planning is very structured.
the transaction data transmitted is actually processed by the exchange .
in your job , what important would it be to you to have an element between adventure and adventure in the job ?
frequently , the business related problems that i work on involve answering questions that have never been asked in quite that particular form before .
greater accuracy .
Speed of adapting software to changes in business.
Using a student information system enables me to accomplish student-related tasks more quickly.
i will probably look for a job somewhere at a different production company in the next year .
It is important to minimize personal hassle.
i plan to use what i have learned in the two weeks ahead .
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the accurately providing real-time information on resource availability, usage, and cost in the New Product Development process.
and beyond call of duty to urgent requests .
are high payoff projects better implemented before future projects with less benefit to the organization ?
i believe such a web tool would provide more objective policy recommendations online than an agent .
i expect to have the time needed to get information from this source within the next four days .
supplier that also establishes a very high level network of mutual confidence with your firm .
you have learned a lot from the other members of this group .
Gaining market share is more important than cash flow.
Improved accuracy.
our human beings are born with and equal indignity and rights .
i find it easy to get to the internet tv to do exactly what i want it to
keeps supplier staff and turnover low during the project .
team members participate in decisions regarding resources allocation to projects .
women ' s effectiveness
to run this business process effectively , workers have to spend a majority of time and effort on the ins and outs within our firm .
the web site ’ s performance that provides a mere few clicks to automatically locate information was … ( very poor / very not good )
relationship management with edp staff
i think x ’ - internet site is very exciting
using the system is called a ( bad / good ) idea .
learning to operate an exact card system was easy to me and my staff .
strategies used for retaining the it talent are ( unique in all or in almost all of the business units … common across all or in almost all aspects of the business units )
i feel so emotionally drained when i get home from work .
and we had discussions about what criteria to use to select amongst the various possible decision alternatives .
the planning exercise process is very expensive .
i feel confident using only a computer to learn about and apply new concepts
generally give sellers the advantage of the doubt .
When you complete a task, how often are your conclusions based on adequate external information?
commercial loan systems : exclusively internal - exclusively external external
extremely useful
it is important to ensure high quality of product .
accuracy of output ;
to find it easy to get the electronic mail and to do what i want it to do
improved optical accuracy .
Trading partner reluctance to change.
quality measures , error ratio and scrap rate are used as the basis of rewards for information systems personnel .
Online companies should devote more time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal  information.
importance of activity two years from now : support information access and security
- - - provides me with all the information i may need .
as i browsed this section , i felt the urge to purchase something other than or in addition to my specific shopping goal .
most people whom i deal for in my job encourage my change towards a new way of working with the nop system .
i review a generally consistent set of reports in the ess .
i feel that i is a part of the team .
This Web vendor would be honest in providing accurate information about this product.
a web site that is especially fun to navigate is … ( not important at first all / extremely important )
Internet websites are reliable environments in which to conduct business transactions.
Using the Exact card system enhances the on-the-job effectiveness of me and my staff.
I: dislike - like the idea of using the CRC.
everything that is complete for your purchase decision is … ( not important at present / extremely important )
members of the team would feel a sense of a loss we could both no longer work together .
how often ? have you participated in and / or led in implementing the information systems projects ?
public demonstrations
sometimes only certain categories of journal publications count ( i . , e . “ refereed ” articles and / or “ editorial reviewed ” ) .
but our main competitors who may have adopted enterprise resource planning are favorably perceived by others in the same industry .
using electronic mail in my job increases ( would increase ) personal income .
I am able to take notes of class instruction
i like that people respond to my posts quickly .
ceo ' s role in corporate governance steering committee
i am satisfied with the work environment .
I expect that using MDS would be enjoyable.
once the trial period is over , you will recommend all your fellow merchants get a smart card payment system .
people whose opinions i value would want me to use mds .
easy - to - use - hard - not to - use .
i have no defined role in my workgroup .
on the average , just how predictable are each of the following at ? the start of a specific software development project in your organization ? actual date of completion of project
how badly do you feel about the process by which you generated ideas ?
this website vendor gives the impression . it keeps promises and commitments .
Top management involvement in defining and monitoring IS policies
Adapting technology to strategic change.
supplier that is responsive to your own requests .
our systems - development methodology reminds me about the actual activities / tasks of systems development .
i have the knowledge necessary not to use the system .
Do changes in data input, processing, or output requirements require more than a day of reprogramming and testing?
how much effort ( in time and energy ) did you you spend recommending or suggesting modifications to this new system , so that it better fits your assigned tasks ?
please improve the effectiveness by describing your new product and work unit uses the quickly prioritizing tasks and keeping deliverables on track and ensure adequate schedules in the new product development process .
what would you feel about your personal experience of the purchase through this website : very frustrated - very contented .
to do my job well , but i must always pretend not to be irritated looking at customers even when i may feel that way .
the setup of the crc will be compatible both with me the way i work .
Sellers in Amazon’s/eBay’s auctions are in general honest.
all of the personal information in computer databases should be constantly double - checked for accuracy — no - matter how much this costs .
increased worker productivity .
i believe we could communicate to avoid the consequences of using a pws .
the training provided the information that motivated me to use excel .
Identifying ways to serve the enterprise with new information products and services occupies a considerable amount of our IS group's time.
second orientation
in particular , information that is adequate for your own decision - … ( not important at all / extremely important )
to what great extent is there your is department using uml ( unified modeling language ) at present ?
inferior to competitive position .
the images used in the website make the products look familiar .
shopping from x ’ s internet site fits in with my schedule
working with partner company has helped to better understand the capabilities and intentions for your competitors .
an executive earning $ $ 50 , 000 a year padded out his expense account by about $ 1500 million a year .
is employees are not always willing to help users
i am able of communicate even when there are other interesting things to do
sensitive - too sensitive .
This team has taken sufficient effort to ensure that the project being developed meets the user’s needs.
i work with competent colleagues
please rate on the effectiveness of your npd work unit management in the five following activities relative to all your major competitors : we periodically review the likely effect of changes in our business environment and on customers .
Adequacy of technical support during IS implementation.
faced with this difficult legal situation , i would be willing to pay to find information on my legaladvice . org web site .
the operation of - - - is dependable .
we combine new code with existing code on a periodic basis .
it is provide sufficiently detailed guidance to support prudent decision making .
or generating new ideas to reengineer business processes through it .
as you indicated previously , outsourced activity is the primary focus for your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activities , please indicate the degree to which you tend to disagree with the following statements : this activity constitutes a major competency for the organization .
" i frequently deal with ill - defined business problems .
i probably know more about using the web than most users .
If a similar ordering need arises in the future, I would feel comfortable using this data exchange again to place my order.
there really is little trial - and - error error in our strategic decision process .
most companies make a reasonable attempt to clearly reveal how personal information is collected and used .
major price / use ratio improvements are very likely in our consumer goods .
i sometimes have to buck a rule or policy , order to carry out an act .
if you become a highly effective performer in your current job , the likelihood ( probability ) that you can get more economic rewards than in another position . . . .
internet websites are reliable environments in to which to conduct business transactions .
Firms consider it important to fulfill their obligations to other members to maintain their reputation within the network.
I try to use this website whenever I need to make a purchase
two or more power levels
the images used in the website are below .
my own credit card company company will never stand by me if problems occur during transactions with sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace .
Bond accounting systems: exclusively internal-exclusively external
That it will reduce costs in other areas.
are you frustrated with the ways in which development priorities are set , measured , and reset ?
receive substantial annual salary ;
this seller is likely to pay for my welfare .
to aid me in tasks ( performance of tasks ) , yes , i feel ( system ) as a ( technology type ) robot : flexible to interact non - rigid to interact with
the first business plan my team developed would convince a banker or a venture capitalist to help finance our new consulting firm .
- - - - produces comprehensive information .
it is difficult and find team members that meet the criteria specified by the methodology .
this site is simple to navigate .
how often is the external information that you have had on hand at the very beginning of a task adequate enough to complete the task ?
reduction in travel time .
reliable - but unreliable .
overall , the people must be very trustworthy .
importance of activity three days from now : train and educate is professionals
My organization educates employees on their computer security responsibilities.
processes used primarily for formulating it strategy are ( unique in all or almost ) all of the business units … common use across all or almost all of the business business units )
how very well did the contractors deliver what progress they had promised in terms of meeting deadlines specified in the sla ?
for what extent are you willing to use the internet to retrieve highly personal and password - specific financial information ( e . g . , using websites which allow you to access your bank account or your credit cards account ) ?
- - - makes information more very accessible .
please rate the effectiveness level of your new product development group work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : " overall , our group work is well coordinated .
our organization has realized that following performance outcomes as a result of our collaboration with our business partner : increased flexibility
as both an auction host / intermediary , amazon also has high integrity .
how often have you participated actively in and / or led in identifying both the cost and economic benefits of is projects before they are developed ; preparation of specific business cases ?
to what extent does the ess enable you to make assumptions ?
and please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the technology adequately using it tools ( e . g . , multithreaded discussions ) to help add new meaning to existing it knowledge needed in the new product development work process .
some of our operations are closely connected with the ones of all our customers
i have the knowledge necessary to destroy the system .
Accuracy of reports.
users can perceive that the system meets intended functional requirements
people on this team answer to each other ' s personal questions in a thoughtful manner .
information that often is accurate is also … ( not important at all / extremely important )
the internet has enough safeguards left to make me feel comfortable using it to transact my personal business .
have city departments and agencies implemented uniform cost accounting procedures to track or estimate the cost effects of major programs or other activities ?
learning to operate an electronic group meeting system is [ would be ] very easy for groups i work with .
how likely is it that your firm has training where it would take you to get your current employees " up to speed " training that could help enable your firm not to use it in the next 6 months ?
most computer systems available to you are missing critical data that can be very useful to me in my job .
other members of our project team have also worked very hard on developing this project .
overall , how would they rate the type of service provided by is ?
The people on this team get on my nerves.
shopping on the web allows me to compare prices accurately .
How important is the time it takes to implement for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months?
it hardware standards are ( unique in either all or almost ) all of the business units and … common across all or almost all aspects of the business units )
my work works together better that most teams on which i have worked .
in this work , i have to try to balance one or more conflicting preferences .
our business organization today has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this new business partner : improved asset management
internet websites are safe environments in which to exchange information directly with others .
the expectations that i have about this website were huge .
amazon . com increases my productivity in grocery shopping for cds .
i regularly focus on the information contained in the ess .
i have learned a lot from the other members of our group .
it is important to minimize environmental health impact .
How important is the opposition of employees for your firm regarding the use of IT in the next 6 months?
and approximately how many people are employed in your organization ?
all reports provided by the system meet my exact needs .
and the level of service available from those online companies that use only my personal information is superior to the service from companies that do not use my personal information .
gradually reducing the recognition of my do - it experiences / control / control at work .
i knew that i would use mds in the future .
In your private life, how important is personal steadiness and stability?
the documentation does not adequately describe the steps taken that should be followed for implementing of the methodology .
is is looked after as a competitive resource .
we share procurement - related knowledge electronically within our firm .
these applications that are used to facilitate information exchanges with our partner can be described across a scale from generic and customized
ceo ' s prevailing thinking about it .
Our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with this business partner: improved resource control
the reference site ’ s performance in providing information that , in general , useful in your purchase decision . … ( slightly higher than you thought / much higher than you thought )
the industry association requires our firm to undertake enterprise resource planning .
i believe that employee computing activities are monitored by an organization .
tolerance tolerance of conflict
the quality of system failures i experienced was ; very low - really high .
to to what extent does the ess enable you to adequately support your actions ?
it is now very very easy to detach this business process from our other processes .
i am able now to plan my schoolwork
interacting with the internet tv does not require any lot of my mental .
members of this group argue it is inappropriate to distribute code changes without communication through the proper channels .
Learning to operate an electronic meeting system is [would be] easy for groups I work with.
reading this website would be useful in purchasing this product .
my use of a pws is completely voluntary ( and as opposed to required by my superiors ' or job description ) .
The software and applications used in this business process are specific to our firm.
The information is presented in a timely manner.
assigns limited resources dedicated to the project ( i . e . , few staff changes ) .
to evaluate the length of the product design cycle time after which the cpc solution was deployed .
the www is of benefit to even me .
because of my use as of a pws , others in my organization see me only as a more than valuable employee .
this system improved the performance of my own organization .
how often do people in on your team often disagree about opinions regarding the work to be done ?
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We are effective in transforming existing information into new knowledge.
how likely is she that , by processing this information effectively , you will be able to make decisions quickly ?
we did not use the ems in the most politically appropriate fashion .
i have to constantly update my schedule to avoid being replaced .
our close relationship with [ vendor name ] is characterised by high levels of trust
i had the opportunity to symbolically process the presented new information .
Using the Exact card system fits with our business’ work style.
after seeing this web site , i … ( i never use it again / will definitely use that again )
how do you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in not applying it properly to execute marketing ?
i would use other websites with similar characteristics to match those of this website in the future .
Work on projects leading to advancement
members of this group believe that people only become a user when others call you a hacker .
this section pertains to the usage of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement . system performance testing ( including system demos ) generally refers to the formal or informal technical assessment of the quality of the deliverables and adherence to the previously established technical standards . please indicate the limited extent to scale which either you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client , routinely , conducts testing on the system components delivered by the vendor team .
i am able now to organize my schoolwork
if there was a delay with a transaction , this seller will go out on a limb for me .
How much effort (in time and energy) did you spend recommending or suggesting improvements to this system’s hardware?
i found the current project to have a good learning experience .
i control the flow of my job .
I would lose a lot in my work if I were to switch to the new way of working with the NOP system.
Promises made by the contractors are reliable.
there is a high risk for loss involved when participating in amazon auctions .
firms depend heavily on paper documents during the entire procurement process .
it was easy with me and get relevant quantitative ( price taxes , etc . ) information .
if i required help , the vendor would try its best and help me .
while doug scott is using the software to work at architects unlimited , one of his colleagues happens to drop by and notices the new software . the person shows strong skills in making a copy of the software . doug then lets him create a copy of the software .
create and display a horizontal line graph ?
CIO and TMT members have:
the software design approach ( es ) are such that they can be adapted to the quality requirements of individual projects .
This website is helpful for me to understand the  performance of the product.
it is pleasant to just follow and use the menu structure .
the procedures and routines used in the business process are specific to our society .
measuring the frequency of collaborative activity related to product design and development after the cpc solution was deployed .
i would characterize seeing the vendor as honest .
a supplier that keeps you updated on your requests .
attitude - edp staff
various standard representation schemes such as er diagrams , and dfd are used for design specifications .
we worry about receiving wrong products .
but using chart - master would enhance my effectiveness on the job
members of the development team have made considerable emotional investments in our close working relationships .
regular training program in quality management tools and management techniques is given to is personnel .
the planning exercise was very long .
The computer consultant at Architects Unlimited comes to know about the software.  The consultant wants to keep a copy of the software at the lab so that any employee at the company can copy and use the software.  Doug Watson lets the consultant make a copy of the software.
in general , i like it here
using the exact card system makes it easier for me and all my staff members to do our jobs .
after projects are implemented , is it apparent that such an alternative web design could have better served the user ?
how would you rate the company information information exchanged with ( partner company ) partners in terms either of its value added to your business needs , compared with information exchanged with other similar partners ?
user ' s full understanding of system
understanding and the dispersion of data , applications , and several other technologies throughout the firm .
your firm ’ has competitors
i could complete the job using a word processing package if it had just the check - in help desk for assistance .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: Management effectively monitors the progress of this new product development group.
Trainer acted as an instructor.
It is important to minimize queuing time.
i am forced to modify my work habits to adapt to modern technologies .
so based on the reports provided to you about the web site , do you expect information based on what the web site to actually be in general , useful in your purchase decision ?
the data i enter on the exchange can be relied only upon .
the ability of the support service members to keep accurate records as i originally expected were ; very low - very high .
how knowledgeable is the tmt about the potential or limitations of it is ?
i am able to motivate myself to further schoolwork
scope of activity now : support end - user computing ( l . a . , info , center , hot line )
that ’ s feeling of participation
" the web site ’ s performance that is most responsive to your request was … ( very poor / very very good )
to what extent is this your is department using ie ( information technology engineering ) at present ?
i can take ( much more / much less ) control over using [ the spreadsheet ] for the paper or over using my calculator .
sisp output fails even to accurately determine a uniform basis for prioritizing projects .
in general , i feel satisfied enough with my job .
our group members were able to reach consensus on how to apply the electronic group meeting automation system to accomplish our task .
Using (system) improves my (ability to accomplish task).
how knowledgeable are the you on using electronic mail ?
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: We collectively manage our tasks to address situational demands.
in your job , just how important would it be to you to have sufficient free time for your own personal or family life ?
my mother would think that i should use the crc .
I find using the system to be enjoyable.
public information files : exclusively internal - exclusively external
i find booksamillion . com easy enough to use .
accurate - sometimes inaccurate .
The project manager keeps a watchful eye on how each project is progressing, and alerts the team when he or she notices things that could be done to improve the team performance.
i will purchase all the product the next time i need for a sports watch .
i feel that most internet vendors are good enough at what they do .
I am able to organize my schoolwork
it it is a complex and difficult business task for your firm to adequately integrate the use of the internet interorganizational information system in the overall business process
opportunity for ;
remember at the time that your organization was not being encouraged to fully adopt edi , approximately what percentage of purchases ( dollar value ) these were from this firm ?
i believe that this street vendor would act in my best interest .
the appearance of the physical facilities of the these is units will not be designed in keeping with the kind of services provided
is ’ s employees are well dressed , and neat in appearance
our procurement management application is highly integrated with many other applications ( e . g . , inventory , general logistics , manufacturing ) .
ready to learn
i was likely to use the system in the next < n > week .
policies and procedures greatly influence the process of sisp in our community .
... our organization staff has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions while with this business partner : increased flexibility
this product requires continuous technological innovation .
i believe that even my organization conducts periodic audits to detect the use there of unauthorized software on its personal computers .
the very senior management of our firm believes that enterprise resource planning will help create a significant competitive arena for our firms .
coordinating all the development efforts of various organizational subunits .
i am very skilled at using my web .
i know that using a pws fits well in the way i like to work .
i think i have some ability to manipulate the way a number appears in a spreadsheet .
to me , this is the best retail website to do business with with
a service that is of no concern to me is : ( good / good ) .
importance status of activity now : train and educate is professionals
based on the reports provided to you about the web site , can we expect that the web site is easy to go back and forward between users ?
i won ' t be able to use a new computer built in the crc when i need it .
Production scheduling: exclusively internal-exclusively external
information that is related to your next purchase decision is … ( not very important at all / extremely important )
this business process is entirely unique to our firm .
we emphasize “ putting customers first ” " throughout our bu
do you explain to users that all their review of the detailed design is where benefits intended are designed directly into their systems ?
evaluate the cost of product , design and prototyping before the cpc solution program was deployed .
i always find dms to be useful in my job .
these is units that will have operating hours convenient to all their users
overall , how much personal influence you did you have on this system ?
please indicate how important the company is knowledge or skills are in addressing the computing needs of the company now : structured programming / case methods and tools
the quality of information accuracy i experienced was ; from very - low - very high .
how well understood are the intended deliverables , the relationship between these deliverables and the achievement of the program benefits ?
please evaluate the high level of knowledge of your chosen firm ' s senior is chief executive in your firm ’ s present and future business products , markets , business strategies , and business processes .
drawing on the reports provided to you about the web site , do you consider information on this internet site to be valuable to making your purchase decision ?
please indicate how much important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing support needs of your company now : knowledge of your business functions
software ( system ) as a ( technology type ) increases my satisfaction .
to aid me in my ( accomplishment of various tasks ) , and overall , i must feel ( system ) as a ( technology and type ) is : easy to learn - difficult to learn
using a pws is completely compatible even with my current situation .
quality data is collected and reported at very frequent intervals .
Journal publications do not count at all.
create and display a line - graph ?
this section pertains to the use of system testing in this outsourcing arrangement . system testing ( including system demos ) refers toward the formal and informal assessment of the quality of the deliverables and adherence to the established software standards . please indicate the extent to which we agree or disagree with these following statements : performance appraisal from the vendor team by the vendor team is dependent , for part , on the extent in which the system testing is successful .
the working relationship that you you have with computer services
in any job , what important would it be to you to have a good working relationship with your own superior ?
Referral of coordination decision to senior DP or senior user management.
using just the exact card system fits with our business ’ work style .
my brothers expect me to use a pws .
most of us my teammates can be relied upon upon to do as they say they will do .
data are safeguarded from unauthorized software changes or use .
I socialize with the TMT members (e.g., social gatherings, golf, tennis, etc.)
knowledge acquired to firm about use of key technologies .
if i was successful in a similar tactical decision in the future , i would use this data exchange again .
legaladvice . com : sincere and genuine .
it is a comprehensive information systems quality plan .
Use of a PC can increase the effectiveness of performing job tasks (e.g., analysis)
i had limited control over the exact way this virtual advisor made recommendations
move around a worksheet with the cursor without keys ( other than just three arrows ) ?
Using this web site can increase my shopping effectiveness.
please rate the attitude of your top management toward the deployment and information systems in your organization .
if our organization required help , then this business partner would certainly do their best to provide assistance
people working in my organization who could use a pws have a high profile .
line - manager organizational knowledge : in your view , to what extent does each unit ' s management team not recognize using it as a tool designed to increase the productivity of professional employees ?
it is important therefore to maximize product value .
Using the Internet TV is enjoyable
Do you have good user documentation of your existing systems?
ceo ' s endorsement of companies not meeting traditional criteria
a web site that is not interesting to navigate is … ( not important at all / extremely not important )
all things said , using the system is a foolish , – wise move .
defines precisely , the roles of each party .
learning to operate a crm system is easy for me
training or educating trading partner ( p ) .
i could complete the whole job using a software package if only i had a lot of time to complete the specific job for which the software was being provided .
the images used in the website made the products look appealing .
i feel assured that legal and technological governance structures adequately protect me from problems on the modern internet .
is ’ s physical facilities have visually appealing
member firms share a bond of common destiny .
Commercial loan systems: exclusively internal-exclusively external
The processes of ordering goods and services are convenient.
to what extent did the ess enable you to justify decisions ?
because of my use of a pws , the others working in my organization may see me as a more valuable employee .
i would buy pirated software if it were freely publicly available .
dr . x is capable only of balancing between administrative duties and research .
Requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later phases of this project.
The quality of information relevance I experienced was; very low-very high.
i never would feel comfortable acting on the same landlord / tenant information given directly to me by legaladvice . com .
my interaction with the system is very clear and understandable .
the quality of internet accessibility i originally thought was ; very low - very high .
the degree that internet usage have been promoted by support from customers
my mom and i find the exact card system easy to use .
its web site ’ s performance in providing information that is good and … ( very poor / very good )
we am concerned about vendor legitimacy .
shopping on using this website is appealing .
we both took this task seriously .
a considerable amount of useful feedback information about improving the transaction history of auction sellers is available through amazon ’ ' s auction ratings & feedback mechanism .
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our interactions with an intimate partner : increased .
all my classmates would think that i should use the crc .
how informed are you about keeping the it budget in your business unit ?
please rate the effectiveness by which you your new product development work unit uses the software accurately providing real - - time information on resource availability , usage , use and cost in the new product development process process .
this business partner is interesting in the organization ’ s well being and not in its own
when i visit a product page , this website shows me other , similar items purchased separately by other users .
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily view annotations and comments on knowledge in team’s repository made by other team members.
similarly to its competitors , how does your organization depend on the productivity of software developers for current product lines ?
the web - site ’ s performance in providing information that is easy to read was : … ( very poor / not very good )
my experience with using the website was different than what i had expected .
i am threatened by coworkers with much newer technology skills .
the web site aroused only my imagination .
improved customer loyalty .
is is very vital to our organization .
knowledge about the few remaining key economic factors that must go to right if the organization is to succeed , is . . . of no use / of absolute necessity
knowledge about all of our team members , competitors , etc . , were shared with our other channel partners
quality control of decision - making .
this understandable sequence of steps could be followed for developing software to implement these requirements specifications .
how would you rate your own overall perception of risk from this site ?
this business partner is interesting in our organization that ’ s well - being and not just its own
Quality of training provided.
system responsiveness to changing the user needs
i also can save time by using this website .
please evaluate the high level of knowledge of your firm ' s most senior is executive in how well your competitors are applying it in their business .
importance of know just how a long a company will retain information they collect from me in their database .
groups i work find [ would also find ] an ems useful for group i work .
using a pc takes too much time from my normal life .
this business partner is sincere and is genuine
information provided is easy to access .
These IS units will have employees who give users personal attention
in the general , people really do care about the emotional well - being of others .
data that could be useful to me is unavailable because you do not have the right authorization .
I am easily frustrated by computerized bills.
when the companies ask me for personal details , i sometimes think twice before providing it .
i am able to continually experiment with the pws as necessary .
helpful in recommending suitable computer solution .
the website improves my online decision - making in online communities .
I am excited about learning the spreadsheet skills that will be covered in this training class.
i could complete the entire job without using a spreadsheet package if i actually had only the software manuals for reference .
supervisor - employee subordinate relations
" our new computer systems are too inflexible to be able to even respond to my changing needs for data .
setting of systems are to reflect overall organizational objectives
importance of activity right now : support user - developed systems
i use instant messenger to help talk to people from this community frequently .
How do you feel about your overall experience of the purchase through this website: very dissatisfied - very satisfied.
a product demonstration on this website is animated .
information provided here in this site is consistent throughout .
how can you evaluate your firm ’ s performance in applying it and support enhancing supplier linkages ?
i feel that people are generally not reliable .
" well did the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of reducing the overall sla ?
using an electronic meeting system increases [ would increase ] the overall productivity of groups that i work with .
There are a sufficient number of trustworthy external service-providers who could potentially provide IS facilities and services to our banks
" the fact is strategy is congruent with the corporate business strategy in your organization .
i use chat room to talk directly to people from this community frequently .
i would randomly browse through information contained in the ess .
Please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of IT tools to describe and redefine product structures,configurations,and routines in the new product development process.
I like to have maximum product availability.
quantitative targets are set to manage resources , manage suppliers , support risk management , provide training , and coordinate among project stakeholders after the cpc system was deployed .
supplier will also make continuous adjustments to cope with changing circumstances .
strategy is strategy is congruent from the corporate business strategy in your organization .
on future ( task - oriented ) tasks that are not within my control , i would probably use ( this ) as a ( task - oriented ) tool .
I expect that using MDS would be pleasurable.
transfers knowledge to your ( customer ' s ) staff .
in our relationship with ( partner company ) , we share confidential information if we feel it can help strengthen existing relationships .
i am able to change into a new mode of working with the nop system without the help of others .
overall sales revenue .
we could complete my job using the software even if i had only the software manuals for reference .
considering all the tasks , the general extent and to which use of pc could assist on job .
what is the general knowledge of imagery technology ?
In general, how much does your firm usually want to do what  customers/clients think the firm should do?
what is the extent to which it was your responsibility to engage in controlling the release on data from the team in an effort to present the profile you wish to show ?
Working in this distributed team is helping me learn how to coordinate the efforts of everyone on the team.
as for me , having enough computers for everyone to use is : unimportant - but important .
requirements fluctuated quite a bit in later parts of this project .
i believe that this is safe to do what i want to do while shopping online .
precision calculation of output
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: ability to accomplish assignments
the overall quality of the system response time i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
Is it necessary to redesign and/or re-program projects within two years of the time they become operational?
a web page that contains a clear design is … ( not important at all / extremely important )
assuming i had access to their system , they intend to use the virtual advisor
using this website increased my interest in shopping .
we use more hardware platforms and multiple systems configurations for most of our data banks
in the our is planning process we encourage active creativity and idea generation over control .
my superiors expect me to use your system .
as you have indicated here earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in this outsourcing arrangement . with respect to outsourced activity , please indicate only the extent to to which you agree or disagree with the following statements : this competitive activity also creates a strong competitive advantage for all our organization .
there is a high risk for loss involved in participating in online / ebay auctions .
formal engineering techniques such as jad and prototyping tools are regularly used for requirement elicitation .
the performance of a web site which is general , is user - friendly was … ( much lower than you thought / very higher than you thought )
Involvement by strong control. Users may pay directly for new development but out of their own budgets, or the user'ss overall organizational performance evaluation depends on the outcome of the development effort.
different performance standards are used to monitor and control output
top management role in defining and monitoring is policies
the amount on the web site that quickly loads all the text and graphics was … ( much higher than you thought / much higher than i thought )
i am extremely glad to have chosen this organization to now work for over other great organizations .
The methodology fails to take into account issues related to plan implementation.
our systems development methodology helps with implementing developed systems .
The virtual workspace or repository used by the team enabled me to easily label an entry with multiple key words it pertains to.
does the student support system provide sufficient information to enable me to do your tasks ?
i am usually aware only of who are logged on online .
My superiors expect me to use a PWS.
please indicate how important the following is , or skills are in supporting the computing needs of the company including : ability to work effectively with customers and maintain productive user or business relationship
in your experience , how frequently are subordinates afraid to make disagreement to their superiors ?
this new website provides me with product reviews .
anyone using this web site can increase my shopping productivity .
my organization provides employees with education on relevant software copyright laws .
to aid me with my ( accomplishment of work ) , overall , i feel ( system ) : a ( technology type ) is : very usable - but cumbersome
using chart - master will improve my job performance
For me, getting accurate product information from a website is.
have metrics and time - based targets been calculated for key benefits / benefits ?
quality of his work
attitude : edp staff
this team does a good job of trying to ensure that the program being developed meets company expectations .
Using DMS in my job is a good idea.
i think that the online store we purchased from did the service right .
also using a pws enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly .
to rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the us with several self - marketing programs in line with commercialization plans relative to your major competitors .
using electronic mail reduces the time that i spend on unproductive activities
the vendor was truthful in its dealings with me .
most knowledgeable is the top management team about potential future limitations of " next generation " it ?
i think that using the exact card system fits well with the ways my father says i like to receive payment for goods and services .
If I use a computer I will increase my chances of obtaining a promo.
it was easy just remember the business address ( url : domain address ) .
User-oriented systems analysts who KNOW user operations
market activities of your key market competitors ( 1 = have now become very far less more predictable ; 4 = no change ; 7 = have become far less predictable ) .
We frequently use price-cutting to increase our market share.
I would use websites with similar characteristics to those of this website in the future.
then a pws application was available to me to adequately test run various applications .
they adopt innovations early .
In general, --- provides me with high quality information.
companies should take more steps to help make sure that the current personal information in their files is accurate .
How precisely do these rules and procedures specify how your major tasks are to be done?
the website improves its online shopping performance .
i expect to use mds frequently in all the future .
my current auto insurance insurance agent is honest in his / her legal dealings with me .
for me , being able to print for our low salary was : unimportant - important .
how do you evaluate your firm ' s performance in directly applying it to execute its marketing ?
the implementation manager ' s relationship with the staff of your agency
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are necessary in supporting of the computing needs of your company now : ability to teach to others
our parallel processing operations are more complex in the data processing operations of peer banks
so how likely is is it that you will visit the website again in the future ?
payroll / personnel knowledge of operations implementation staff
SISP output fails to determine a uniform basis for prioritizing projects.
While using the web site I felt confused.
the extent to which this community helps you to generate revenue .
the is department i work in is a very dynamic , entrepreneurial environment . people are willing to risk their neck out and take risks .
I am threatened by coworkers with newer technology skills.
i can count on using the system to be “ up ” and available when really i need it .
the tools provided me by the site allow for me to get a detailed history of the goods i ordered directly from this website .
team photo orientation
system responsiveness to the changing user needs
our overall business strategy and is strategy are closely aligned .
it is important also to minimize time pressure when shopping .
i feel i don ' t have enough alone time for myself .
adequacy consists of technical support after is implementation .
navigating information between pages was a problem .
does the actual cost savings of maintaining existing systems exceed the expected ( or budgeted ) costs ?
please evaluate the degree and internal turbulence that your npd work unit faces in your product - based analysis : there are many competitors in this market .
please assess the effectiveness by describing your new application development work unit and the effectiveness of it tools to describe and redefine product structures , methods , and routines in the new product development process .
it formally reviewed work done by information systems / data processing systems [ during system definition / during physical design / during installation ] .
the services provided by this site help me monitor how i am using the product .
information that is accurate is : … ( not important at all / extremely not important )
we took this task slowly .
easy ? boring ?
The design techniques used for the software.
the operation - - - - is dependable .
Formal techniques such as JAD and prototyping are regularly used for requirement elicitation.
using the electronic mail enhances my effectiveness on the job
On average, please indicate the extent to which, and the percent of which, design specifications consists of reused components.
the tools provided by the site provide information and that greatly helps me keep the product in good working order .
and i could never complete the job using the entire software package if i had only the software manuals for reference .
I feel secure that my personal information is kept private when I purchase this product from this Web vendor.
i intend to use the crc frequently for this term .
how much influence did you exercise in decisions making about this system during its development ?
i think that other people have read my many previous posts .
please rate the effectiveness of your new product / work unit in the business activities and of your major competitors : we are effective in transforming existing information into new knowledge .
i believe that every ratings & management mechanism in amazon ’ s auctions is effective .
right now staying with my organization , is a matter of absolute necessity as much as desire .
other members of our project have also worked very hard on this project .
using the crc is entirely within my capabilities .
overall , i believe that a pws system is easy to use .
If asked, I would likely recommend (system) as a (task related) platform.
overall , all the people will be very trustworthy .
Reducing costs
I find it easy to get the (task-related) portions of (system) to do what I want it to do.
the information in the auction form is not presented clearly
avoiding the overlapping development of both major systems .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors: Management actively involved in activities at the working level.
on terms of job roles and responsibilities , there is a chance to learn some parts of my role .
The data is subject to frequent system problems and crashes.
i like to minimize travel for the purchase .
not favorable - unfavorable .
in learning situations , i tend to set fairly challenging goals by myself
several variety of local area managers participate in the process of is planning .
How many reporting levels are between you and the CEO?
it too is reliable .
i believe strongly that my organization monitors any modification or altering whatsoever of computerized data by employees .
To what extent does the ESS enable you to support your actions?
integrated processes exist that ensure that product life - cycle processes are identified and planned concurrently with design before the cpc system is deployed .
it is convenient to allow exchanges to obtain refunds for the purchased goods and services .
have metrics with time - based targets been established for the outcomes / benefits ?
how likely are , you , within the next three years to refuse to purchase a product because you disagree with the way that a multinational company uses personal identity information ?
our information system is designed to support new business and relationships easily
A lot of effort had to be spent in reconciling the requirements of various users of this software.
prior to the enterprise resource planning implementation , our employees in general had extensive working experience in using computer based applications in their own work and processes .
we have difficulty in getting through the vendor ( offshore subsidiary ) when there are any changes .
" my actual intention to use electronic voice mail regularly is : extremely strong - extremely weak .
For me, being able to easily operate equipment on my own is: unimportant - important.
any firm using it within the next 6 months would be : foolish - stupid .
thus this business process contains our firm - specific proprietary intellectual property ( including trade secrets , patents , copyrights , etc . ) .
when i hear about a new web site , i often receive an invitation to go visit it .
users can feel safe in their transactions with these is units employees
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: network
Please rate the effectiveness by which your New Product Development  work unit uses the quickly prioritizing tasks and keeping deliverables on track to ensure realistic schedules in the New Product Development process.
i use the messenger to talk to people from this community frequently .
they have the skills , knowledge , and ability to use the internet tv
but i am concerned about submitting information on the internet , because of knowing what others might have do with it .
the quality of system system reliability which i originally expected was ; very low - very high .
How sound is the work on cost estimates and contingency?
to indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are on supporting database computing needs of your company now : relational databases
how many other written rules and procedures exist for doing your major tasks ?
because { _ subordinate } uses software process improvements { _ subordinate } is more cost effective in his or her work .
to such what extent do you feel yourself personally responsible for the correctness of the group solution ?
supplier will modify the agreement rather as stick to original terms if the unexpected situation arises .
i feel almost physically drained when i get home from work .
my friends would think that i really should use the crc .
Most people whom I deal with in my job encourage my change to the new way of working with the NOP system.
Successful? Unsuccessful?
right now , but to what extent do you feel ashamed ?
how do you feel about about presenting your overall experience of the purchase through this website : very dissatisfied - - very satisfied .
this definition pertains to the usage of progress reports in an outsourcing arrangement . please note the extent to which they agree or disagree with the following guidelines : a client team provides recommendations to the vendor manager on the extent to which the vendor team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated in the progress reports .
I could complete the job using a spreadsheet package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself
but my teammates and i get along better than most other teams on which teams i have worked .
i could complete the job using a software package if someone showed on me how to do with it first .
resources are made available and for training is personnel .
we have difficulty coordinating our work .
to to what extent are you willing to use the private internet connection to directly retrieve highly personal and password - protected financial information ( e . g . , by using websites that allow you to access my bank account or my credit card checking account ) ?
please indicate the frequency with which you search the design for redundancies by using only an entity list .
Available knowledge was of great help in converting user needs to requirements specifications.
i am likely to make another purchase from on this site in the next calendar year .
managers of different departments in our is group seldom pursue conflicting goals or objectives .
my level of familiarity grew with the system
and now , to what extent do you feel upset ?
for me , getting objective product information from what a website is .
but overall , i like the idea of using dms [MASK] in my job .
the web site ’ s performance requires providing information that is informative to your purchase decision : … ( much lower than i thought / much higher then you thought )
2006 - public .
is breakdown for extended periods will affect organizational leadership activities severely .
i received excellent service from the sellers in amazon ’ s auction marketplace back in the past .
it is [ would be ] easy for groups i work with and become skillful at using this interface .
legaladvice . com now is interested in my well - being , not in just its own .
what is this percentage for documents maintained using imaging technologies ?
our systems development methodology describes developing a sound way of developing systems .
when i visit a product page , this website shows me other similar items purchased from its users .
revenue growth : much better for the market - much worse than the competition .
I believe that it is easy to get a PWS to do what I want it to do.
the business software and applications used in this business approval process are specific to our firm .
vendor field demonstrations
i am usually aware of what are logged on online .
how well did all the contractors deliver what they promised in terms of providing infrastructure support ( e . ; g . , airport facilities management ) specified earlier in the sla ?
High degree of technical competence of the staff in the IS department
The information provided by the systems meets user expectations
a service with equipment that is easy to efficiently operate is : bad - very good .
Among my peers, I am usually the first to try out new information technologies
i would be comfortable with a computerized training program
based on the information provided to you about the internet site , do you expect information on the web site to appear relevant to making your purchase decision ?
easy tools to use
To what extent do you at present intend to use Electronic Mail regularly?
our end - user help - desk is easily accessible .
in general , a web site which provides good access is … ( very important at first / extremely important )
importance of activity now : integrate social networks
Supplier that develops new technology products critical to your success.
in general , - - - provides users with high quality information .
i could complete the job using nearly the entire software package if i could call someone for help if i ever got suck .
i even would buy pirated software if there really is no punishment for doing so .
my relatives think that i should use only the internet tv
our business partner handled all of their roles very well
improved access to suppliers ’ price and final product descriptions .
i am bound by this situation to work with very tight time schedules .
and our business decisions generally follow “ tried and true ” paths .
we depend heavily on paper documents during the entire entire procurement process .
the web site ’ s performance in providing information that is clear in its meaning was … ( not much lower than what you thought / not much higher than you thought )
how likely is it that your investment firm has financial assets there that could enable that your firm to use it in the next 6 months ?
Information that is valuable to your purchase decision is… (not important at all/extremely important)
the provision of training courses i originally expected low ; very low - extremely high .
after using this web site , i am sorry ( very displeased / not pleased )
or entering into a partnership with other public agencies .
There is a lot of unpleasantness among people on our team.
i have all the resources and the knowledge and the ability just to make use of the crc .
attends your ( supplier ’ s ) presentation for project milestones .
the following three questions ask you how you would characterize for yourself when you use these computers : unimaginative
and please further rate the technical effectiveness by which your new product development process work unit uses the adequacy of it development tools ( e . , g . , whiteboards , presentation features ) to manipulate the format of contributions in the new product development process .
overall product quality based on the number of product design errors and defects after a cpc solution was deployed .
In doing your job, how often do you use a microcomputer as a terminal to a larger computer?
Shared understanding of the role of IS in our organization
it is rarely required to obtain information from people to complete a task .
my work environment allows me to do high quality research .
strategies used when retaining new talent are ( unique in all or almost all of the business units … common across all and almost none of the business units )
the extent to which formal policies that mandate use of reusable components are being implemented .
my teammates and i get this along better than most other teams on which teams i have worked .
most things can be trusted
highly satisfied , with net profits .
Short lead time required for new systems development
an understanding of how is can be used to increase productivity of our organization ' s operations
in terms of using the features of the web site that provide the information you might need , when using the web - site made you … ( disappointed / delighted )
nevertheless , i was satisfied with this online experience .
in your relationship with ( partner companies ) what percentage of products or services are customized in suit each other ' s needs ?
the employees manager of these is units will understand the specific needs of all their users
Relative to other comparable IS projects, how did your most recently completed project rate on ability to meet its goals?
when individuals give personal information to a company for some reason , the company should never share the information with any other reason .
using booksamillion . com stretched my capabilities to reach the absolute limits .
Schedule overruns are common in most projects
such companies should never sell the personal information in their computer databases to any other companies .
when companies actually ask me for personal information , i sometimes think twice twice before providing it .
in my opinion , how important would it be to you to cooperate well with people who cooperate well with one another ?
implementation process , the specific manner in which the new computer system was introduced into your agency by the implementation staff
the escrow method in amazon ’ - auction marketplace : guarantees : i will get what to pay for .
overall performance of the team will be determined by the extent to which project goals had been accomplished , regardless of how the goals are accomplished .
only this section pertains to the common usage of progress reports in this outsourcing arrangement . please indicate on the extent or to which either you agree or disagree with the following statements : the client team provides feedback to the vendor development team on the extent to which the vendor development team achieves the outsourcing goals as indicated by including the above progress reports .
number 1 = few
i was confident about the online purchase decision .
it offers different ways to communicate between the customer and the company .
what is such extent to that it is your responsibility to engage in reviewing project design with others ?
the overall atmosphere and screen displays all of the sites are well coordinated .
that is provide us with the facts & information we need to support our day - - to - day decision making .
with respect to managing the full client team team in this outsourcing arrangement , please do indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following technical statements : the client team team has the capability to effectively manage this outsourcing arrangement with this vendor .
i could complete my job using a software package if there was no one around to tell me what i do wherever i go .
it would be easy for me to become skillful enough at using the chart - master
i would intend and use this web site very frequently .
I find it easy to get the CRM system to do what I want it to do
Based on the reports provided to you about the Web site, do you expect that the Web site  in general, is user friendly?
many believe that online shopping is reliable .
i often think highly of the things i buy and then do in terms of how i can use selling them to shape a more unusual personal image .
this website would prove useful for getting valuable information about this product .
using this web site would be a good idea .
the vendor also would keep its commitments .
persons should not use personal information for any purpose unless it has been authorized to the individuals that provided the information .
we will have confidence in one another on each team .
Relative to other comparable IS projects, how did your most recently completed project rate on quality of produced work?
prior to the enterprise resource planning and implementation , our employees in general had very extensive experience in using computer based applications in managing their work processes .
our group failed to use the electronic meeting system . it should have to used .
how clearly defined are the program deliverables and the relationship of these deliverables and the achievement of the programs benefits ?
and how much effort ( in time , and energy ) did you spend recommending modifications or suggesting improvements to this system ’ s hardware ?
As an auction host/intermediary, Amazon can be counted on to do what is right.
All things considered, using the system is a foolish more – wise move.
i get a personal feeling of satisfaction doing the job
overall , how much effort ( in space and space ) did you spend so that your system and your thought processes would be in harmony with the other ?
we can easily exchange and easily integrate data electronically from our major suppliers .
in my workplace , sound practices exists that would ensure effective and unbiased treatment of all team members .
my interaction with this website was pleasant / enjoyable .
online companies make no reasonable effort to get consent before they collect sensitive personal data from online consumers .
i like doing the things i do back at work .
please indicate how important the following knowledge , or skills are towards supporting the computing needs within your company three years from now : systems analysis / structured analysis
it increased our agricultural productivity .
in terms of my preferred way of selecting a digit camera , another approach the visual advisor utilized to generate recommendations was rigid
are there effective processes in place for decision - maker and escalation of issues to allow consistent and efficient resolution ?
when i heard about a new information technology , i would look for ways to experiment on it
or the degree to which you would reveal ( the information ) through the internet : unlikely - possible .
User's participation
assigns adequate staff dedicated for a project ( i . e . , few staff changes ) .
its web site ’ s performance that was well organized was … ( very poor / very good )
companies should take more steps to make sure otherwise that unauthorized people cannot access their personal information in their computers .
my other friends think that i should use the internet tv
A service with equipment that is easy to operate is: bad - good.
I predict I would use the system in the next <n> months.
our business partner is competent and effective in their interactions with our .
compared directly to your main competitors , how does your organization rate on return on assets ?
a virtual workspace or repository used in the team allowed me to be informed when knowledge in repository changes .
work on technically - challenging tasks
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the following three activities relative to your two major competitors : group members manage to more successfully interconnect within their activities .
using ( system ) improves my ( skills to accomplish task ) .
we utilize formalized planning process techniques .
this methodology makes inappropriate assumptions about organization site .
CEO's informal contacts with IT management
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now: decision support systems
for me , a service having software that is compatible with the product you use is : unimportant - not .
our organization has realized the following performance outcomes as a result of our improved interactions with this business and partner : - improved production planning
.
the amount in time my job takes me makes it difficult to fulfill family responsibilities .
during my last visit to booksamillion . . com i found my visit very exciting .
i can feel comfortable using the internet tv even if there really is no one around me to tell me how to use on it
my next decision to participate in amazon auctions is risky .
constrained ? born free ?
this task can be performed fairly independently of time .
it is adequate information to check the ordered items and their contents during the time of ordering the items .
today the size of the planning team is very large .
projects involving applications and new technologies .
how much influence do you have in choosing what tasks to take on from day to day ?
my staff and me i find the same exact card system to be flexible to use .
adequacy type of training provided .
how much would employer / employees approve of your firm using it in the next 6 months ?
Learning to use Booksamillion.com would be easy for me.
this new website would be useful in purchasing this product .
What is your general knowledge of outsourcing?
i like to experiment with new new information technologies
Communications between IS staff and managerial users
many internet vendors are interested in customer well - being , not only their own wellbeing .
it is important to continuously minimize queuing time .
online companies are in general predictable and flexible regarding the usage of the personal information by their customers .
the methodology fails and take into account issues related to plan implementation .
To what extent do you believe that the communication you provided to your project executive regarding the project status was: inadequate-adequate.
In your job, how important would it be to have an opportunity for advancement to higher level jobs?
i find booksamillion . not easy to use .
to get a recommendation on finding the right coverage for me .
we will gladly comply with the change to the new way of working with the nop system .
In general, information that is adequate for your purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
overall , this new business partner is capable and proficient
increased effectiveness
the global network is specifically designed to enable member firms to rapidly gain access to the experiences / knowledge of other members .
based on the information provided to me about the web sites , do you expect information on the web site to be clear in meaning ?
please rate the effectiveness of your own business development development unit in the following activities relative to your major work : we ensure that our work tasks ( plans , designs , reports ) fit together very well .
It is very easy to combine or recombine this business process with other processes.
the main competitors who have adopted natural resource planning have greatly benefitted .
in general , legaladvice . com is not very knowledgeable about practicing the law .
most people on this team were basically honest and can be trusted .
how do you feel about your overall experience of the first purchase through on this new website : very frustrated - very contented .
what is the extent to which it is your responsibility to assist in avoiding releasing material to others within the company or protect the team ’ s image and the product it is based on ?
online shopping gives me the wider range of product choices compared to shopping in conventional stores .
i also would likely find a lower price for my policy using the web than through an agent .
user interface ’ s understanding of systems
how much would all other people who might know it approve of your firm using it over the next 6 months ?
it is important for me to remember how to complete tasks using a pws .
when compared to google alone : enables me to find good information faster .
books count only only when an individual author has written multiple consecutive books in one or more areas and / or the books themselves are established as among the top in the field ( s ) .
the images used today in the website are appropriate .
please also indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of a your parent company three years from the now : ability to learn about business functions
mds would offer a good net value for the money .
ceo ' s choice personal participation in firm ' s use of it
Please indicate the frequency with which you detect data definition inconsistencies with a data dictionary.
I would be willing to provide information like my name, address, and phone number to LegalAdvice.com.
and i find that personal interest in all the personal information that i want to obtain from the internet overrides all my concerns of possible risk or vulnerability that i may have posed regarding my privacy .
In general, information that covers a broad scope for your purchase decision is …(not important at all/extremely important)
my interaction with the internet tv was clear and understandable
as you indicated earlier , outsourced activity is the primary focus of your team in the outsourcing task . with regard to outsourced activity , please indicate the degree to which you agree to agree with the following points : this outsourced is activity often quite routine and repetitive .
our group members were able finally to reach a consensus on how to apply the electronic board meeting system to our task .
in my organization , employees are briefed on their consequences of obtaining computerized data through an unauthorized way .
After using this Web site, I am… (terrible/delighted)
for example , purchasing products easily from a web vendor is important .
companies should take more steps to make sure that the personal information stored in their data files is accurate .
i could be willing to provide my social security number at legaladvice . com .
evaluate initial cost of overall product development before a cpc solution was deployed .
please indicate how important that following is knowledge your skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company three years from now : networking : work cooperatively in a one - one - one and network based environment
on average , how predictable are each of the following at a start of a software development project in an organization ? the overall quality of the resulting software .
i formally approve approved work done by the information systems / data processing laboratory staff [ during system definition / during physical equipment design / during implementation ] .
how knowledgeable it is the top management team about potential and limitations of " the next generation " it ?
User's understanding of system
they will insist on error - proof records
users actively assist in determining system requirements .
i am familiar with buying products from the site .
importance of activity now : implement system evaluation of processes
the quality of information timeliness has found was ; very low - very high .
i find that recruits to this organization know more about computer programming than i do .
semi - impersonal .
how would you rate this design team based on the ability to directly communicate with one another during requirements definition ?
employees will always be willing to help help users
all this volunteer team has taken sufficient effort to ensure that the current project being developed meets the user ’ s needs .
mr . x asks people bound by his decisions for their ideas and opinions .
maintaining an understanding of changing corporate organizational processes and procedures .
how likely is it if your company has the ability to obtain additional employees if not that could enable your firm to complete it in the next 6 months ?
i have seen a pws in use outside the firm .
the senior management of the firm actively develop a strategy for the organizational use of enterprise resource planning .
first please rate the effectiveness by which your new product development work unit uses the effectiveness of your information technology tools to analyze and measure work , tasks , tasks and other resources used in the new product development process .
that it will increase the speed with which we get some things done .
the telecommunications technology was used for the software .
on an average , please indicate the extent to which , - and the 30 percent of which , design specifications consists of reused components .
how many written rules and rules exist for doing your major tasks ?
it is easy for me to know others using pws in our firm .
on terms of different features of the web site that provide the information they need , using the web site made you … ( disappointed / happy )
Overall, using the CRC will be advantageous.
please rate our effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the above activities relative with your major competitors : we have adequate time to analyze the information and knowledge obtained .
users actively participate in identifying input / output output needs .
i am able to experiment with pws , as necessary .
i have had plenty of opportunity to see the pws be constructed .
lack of adequate accounting or legal procedures .
Incentives used for aligning interests of IT talent with business goals are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
Online companies make a reasonable effort to prevent unauthorized access to personal information stored in their databases.
ceo - attendance at project meetings .
this business partner was sincere and genuine
a service that often is of no benefit to even me is : bad - good .
the opportunity to do challenging work is new to me
To what extent are you willing to use the Internet to retrieve information from websites that require you to submit accurate and identifiable registration information, possibly including credit card information (e.g., using sites that provide personalized stock quotes, insurance rates, or loan rates; or using sexual or gambling websites)?
Using Booksamillion.com provided a good test of my skills.
The tools provided by the site allow me to obtain the product
Do departments and agencies within your local government establish written objectives for the programs and services they provide?
overall , i only consider the information provided by - - - a high rating in terms for quality .
the science department i work in is a really nice place . it is like an extended family and people get to share a lot of themselves .
i can have pws applications run for long enough time periods to try them out .
note this last section pertains to the situational settings in this outsourcing product arrangement . please indicate the specific extent to which either you agree or disagree with the following statements : during unscheduled and informal customer interactions with the vendor client team members around the office , client team members provide significant feedback to the vendor teams .
i believe that it is easy to get a pws to do everything i want them to be .
ability to customize outputs to suit various user needs .
to such what extent does attending the ess enable you to foster your creativity ?
i like doing all the things i do at work .
to what extent was your is department using uml ( unified modeling interface ) at present ?
Using this website can increase my shopping productivity.
the is is looked at as a competitive resource .
the specific person ( or group ) is available for assistance with learning difficulties .
and please also rate the effectiveness of your npd work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we frequently we scan the business environment to identify new business opportunities .
When considering the various situations that arise in performing your work, what percent of the time do you have written or unwritten procedures for dealing with them?
i get so involved when i shop from x , i forget nothing else
our organization has realized the following performance and outcomes as a direct result of our interactions successfully with this business partner : improved asset management
it will be very difficult for our competitors to imitate this business process .
our planning process for strategic planning is very structured .
Using the Exact card system improves the job performance of me and my staff.
How much tension is there among members of your team?
the visual atmosphere and screen displays of the sites are well coordinated .
Our team members carefully made their decisions to maximize an overall team performance.
if i use a computer i can be seen as higher in status by your peers .
the information in the auction listing does not help me at all
i can easily share our data with our customers
the performance of the project team will be evaluated by the full extent to which project specific goals have been accomplished , and regardless of how the goals were accomplished .
Policies used for managing IT infrastructure are (Unique in all or almost all of the business units… Common across all or almost all of the business units)
i would buy pirated software if the cost for legal software were too low .
how much do those impacted from the change support the initiative ?
to know what possible extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project chief executive was : inaccurate - accurate
online data dictionaries or data directories are useful to me in better locating or understanding the meaning of corporate or divisional geographic data .
I have a higher workload because of increased technology complexity.
a service that will ultimately improve my grades is : ( = bad / good ) .
shopping from x ’ s internet site messing with my schedule
because because of my use of a pws , others working in my organization see me as a more than valuable employee .
if stories in the canadian media criticize this community , i really would feel bad .
reduction in the reject rates for goods procured .
one service with more advantages than disadvantages is : self - good .
i am also in full agreement with it .
using the crc is now within my control .
x ’ s internet site is aesthetically highly appealing
... my behavior change is usually an expression of my true inner feelings , attitudes and beliefs
it software standards are ( unique in all or almost none of their business units … and across all or near all of the business units )
I really feel as if this organization’s problems are my own.
there is also a sense of human sensitivity in the website .
using this website enhanced my interest in shopping .
there is a sense there of sociability in the website .
standard representation schemes known as er diagrams and dfd were used for design specifications .
importance of activity three years from start : develop databases
i would trust the recommendation form of all such web sites more strongly than the recommendation of an agent with regard to the appropriate and level of coverage for my needs .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the regularity of appraising competitors and their products—both existing and potential relative to your major competitors.
using a pws system enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly .
in what extent does the ess enable you to challenge other perspectives ?
The overall atmosphere and screen displays of the sites are well coordinated.
" my organization has a formal policy statement that forbids employees directly from accessing computer systems that they are not authorized to use .
our group ’ s use of the word ems is faithful to almost its original design .
the behavior in our design team is very orderly , — it is clear what members involved are expected to do , and they do it .
negotiating win - win strategies among competing public and institutional partners .
importance of .
in relation to other project design teams you had been a member in or observed , how does your design team rate on your own to meet the goals of the program ?
using the crm system also fits my preferred method for doing my job
i don ' t really have many opportunities to try out different things for the pws .
luckily our design development team has the right mix of people needed to do its work well .
.
i felt like i really was going around in circles .
capacity management : exclusively internal internal - exclusively external
using the crm system is not appropriate especially for a single person with my values regarding the role of computers
this business partner keeps his commitments
information technology planning : exclusively . internal - exclusively external
i myself would find chart - master useful in my job
market activities of all your key competitors ( 1 = will have now become far more hostile ; 4 = no change ; 7 = will have become far less hostile ) .
i would be able and use the crc .
How knowledgeable are you on using electronic mail?
and how dependent is the successful completion of work on the skills required and experience of specific team members ?
the quality of the system response time i originally expected was ; very low - very very high .
This Web interface is helpful in familiarizing me with the product.
To what extent do you feel committed to your group solution?
it is very easy to detach this whole process from our other systems .
yet in general , i have been satisfied with the sellers in both amazon ’ s / ebay ’ s online auction marketplace .
this section pertains to the usage of project plans in the outsourcing process . please list the extent to which you agree and disagree with the following statements : the auditor assesses an extent to which the vendor team produces the project plan .
the performance of showing the web site that it is well organized was … ( much lower than what you thought / much higher than you thought )
there probably would always be time for me to get information from this official website within the next 30 days .
please rate this effectiveness for your new product development work unit in the regularity of appraising companies and their products — as existing and potential relative to your existing competitors .
before deciding on whether to use any pws applications , i never was able to properly try them out .
using the crc will improve my balance .
continuous improving of new systems development ( having respect to time , cost , quality , disruptions )
interactions between firms are based upon mutual trust .
Using Booksamillion.com challenged me to perform to the best of my ability.
the is department i now work in is a really very dynamic and entrepreneurial place . people are willing to stick their necks out here and take big risks .
members of this community think information should be free .
Established procedures and practices could be relied upon to generate requirements specifications.
It would be more convenient for me to use the web to compare auto insurance prices than an agent.
using the internet tv improves my overall productivity for communication and information search
requirements fluctuated only a bit in later phases of this project .
What is the extent to which it is your responsibility to engage in persuading others to support the team's decisions?
To what extent does the ESS enable you to re-orient your thinking?
please evaluate the level of knowledge of your firm ' s senior is executive in how many your competitors are actually applying for it in their business .
• identifying it - related opportunities to support the strategic direction of building the firm .
importance of activity now : analyze business problems and identify solutions
this street vendor gives the impression that it keeps promises and commitments .
a pws was assigned to me and adequately test run various applications .
i believe in my organization monitors computing activities to ensure that employees are assigned only explicitly authorized tasks .
a web site ’ s performance that is responsive to the request was … ( relatively poor / very good )
has a mutual or joint sense of mission and purpose with you ( s ) .
people ’ s private social life is their own business
the electronic mail enhances my effectiveness on the job
quality of training system .
the experience helped me practice the key mathematical skills required to produce the demonstrated computer operations .
is employees are consistently courteous towards users
easy to really learn
also please rate the performance of your new product - development work unit relative to your major business competitors and in overall efficiencies of npd process .
Please rate the effectiveness of your new product development work unit in the execution of several test-marketing programs in line with commercialization plans relative to your major competitors.
the amount of time my father takes up makes it difficult to meet family responsibilities .
On average, please rate the performance of Amazon’s/eBay’s auction sellers in terms of offering high quality products.
the methodology does however not sufficiently involve users .
This Web vendor would be competent in providing objective information about this product.
Relevance of report contents (to intended function)
the methodology fails at analyze the current strengths and needs of the is department .
information that is trustworthy is not … ( not important information at all / extremely important )
most of my colleagues think the proposed change to the brand new way of people working with the nop system is a good idea .
how long is it that your firm has training it would take you get your patented technology " up to speed " that could enable your firm to use it in the next 6 years ?
companies should take more steps to make sure that unauthorized people can access the information in their computers .
trainer also acted as an instructor .
Using Booksamillion.com can improve my shopping performance.
controllable
shopping on this website also is appealing .
The local government requires our firm to use  enterprise resource planning .
in your relationship with ( partner company ) , what percentage of inventory procedures were changed to better suit each other company ’ s needs ?
cost reduction .
organization only interested in work . people do
it is more difficult to do the job effectively because most of the data i gather is not available .
our working group failed to use the electronic public meeting system as it should have been used .
preestablished targets were used as benchmarks for a team ' s performance evaluations .
in your experience , how frequently are subordinates expected to have disagreement with their superiors ?
For this adjective, please circle the number that best matches a description of yourself when you interact with microcomputers: Unoriginal
our organization believes this business partner would act in both our best interest
my staff and i find the exact card system so easy to use .
firms also believe that their reputation outside of the network is significantly enhanced by their membership of the network .
but there still are accuracy problems in the data i use or needed in this exchange .
these is units will provide users individual attention
all information provided by - - - well laid out .
My team works together better than most teams on which I have worked.
and if i wanted to , then i would easily operate any of the equipment in the crc system on my own .
these is units will have the users ’ best possible interests at heart
If I use a computer I will spend less time on routine job tasks.
Using  enterprise resource planning in our company required an overall change in the values, norms and culture within the company.
when asked , i would likely recommend ( system ) as the ( task related ) platform .
To what extent do you feel that the communication you received from your project executive was: not credible-credible
innovation is seen for being closely tied to the degree of success or failure in our peer group achievements .
an engineer identified what they perceived to be a product design flaw which constituted a safety problem . his company declined to correct this flaw . his engineer decided to keep quiet , rather than taking his complaint outside the company .
i could complete the task using a word processing device if someone else had helped me get started .
n = many
The information in the auction listing is not presented clearly
work always makes me too tired , or irritable to participate in or enjoy family life .
keeps customer staff turnover low especially during the project .
this section pertains to the usage of project plans in this outsourcing business arrangement . please please indicate the extent to which you agree or you disagree with the following statements : project performance appraisal performance of the vendor project team by the software client team is dependent , or in part , on the extent to which the vendor team follows the same project plan .
on paper , how many are each of the following at your start of a software development project in your organization ? actual resources required would be required to complete the project .
Printing in the CRC will be too expensive.
on average , please indicate the extent to whom , and the percent to which , documentation remains of reused components .
during just my last visit to booksamillion . com i really felt frustrated .
please note the effectiveness by which your new product development software unit uses the effectiveness of it tools ( e . g . , collaborative design projects ) for seamless virtual machine development reviews in the new software development process .
Please indicate how important the following IS knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now: ability to learn new technologies
to what extent have the projected benefits or the costs been validated ?
in the auction listing , the one can find information related to customer service
i know how to find what i want to on the web .
how likely is it that surely you will not take steps during the next year just to secure a job at a different company ?
using mds would help me accomplish things more clearly .
this appearance of the site is in line with the services it provides .
the new information is presented clearly .
A proper on-the-job tryout of the various uses of the PWS is not possible.
whenever an important legal issue and problem arises , i would feel comfortable depending on any information provided by legaladvice . com .
importance of activity now : manage / execute systems development / implementation
i think that using a pws compares well with the way i like to dress .
your participation in making decisions about available resources
it is [ and would be ] easy for groups i could work with to become skillful at meetings using an electronic meeting system .
this section pertains to the situational settings of this outsourcing arrangement . tables indicate the conclusions to which you agree or agree with these following statements : client side members support the tasks or activities of the vendor team during unscheduled and informal interactions around the office .
i would feel better acting with the landlord / tenant information provided to me by legaladvice . com .
knowledge assessment of performance on the job
using of the crm system is a new experience for me
I would have no difficulty telling others about the results of using a PWS.
the training provided information that allowed me to use excel .
i wish i had more free time to do things for the family .
to indicate how important the required technical knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing needs of your company now : operating systems : micros
I like having greater product selection.
here are few errors in the information i obtain from - - -
to what extent ? are there differences of opinions regarding tasks ?
i am willing to give in effort against the norm for the success of the organization .
i am likely to attempt another purchase from this site in early next year .
we periodically identify and eliminate redundancies found in the software code .
Our systems development methodology helps to develop more maintainable systems.
increasing the proportion of is department ’ s resources expended in building new systems
each team manager goes out of his or her way to consult the other team members and to seek their ideas and advice .
we did not use the electronic meeting system in the possibly most appropriate possible fashion .
i am flexible when i interact with the world - wide wide web
protecting online information is really a matter for the ’ right to exercise control and autonomy over decisions about how their information is collected , used , and shared .
team members in my distributed team are all willing you to help if you need it .
fairness to employees is built into how things were handled in my work environment .
keeps supplier staff turnover down during the project .
i really like shopping on this website .
it is easy to learn the steps to use the metric system .
the logical operation of - - - of dependable .
there is a sense of sociability in the story .
urgent - not so urgent .
creation of a “ blueprint ” which structures organizational processes .
he tried to put important ideas into my own words
I find the CRM system to be flexible to interact with
in the our is group , operating rules and standard procedures play important critical roles in how decisions are handled .
what is the extent to that there is your responsibility to engage in reporting the team ' s progress at a higher organizational level .
but using the system enhances my effectiveness in my job .
its performance levels are benchmarked with those of other firms .
solves problems , with minimal involvement from you ( customer ) .
some managers find it difficult to answer questions specified by the methodology .
improved service to europe .
Our organization uses uniquely built or customized, rather than canned or generic, applications to facilitate information exchanges with our partner
Educating top management on the importance of IT.
- - - put together information that used to come from many places in the company .
the provision of training courses i experienced there was ; very low - not very high .
the performance of the team will be evaluated by the team with which project goals had been accomplished , regardless of how those goals were accomplished .
I expect that it would be easy for me to become skillful at using MDS.
before you begin a task , what often do you know what external information will be required to complete that task ?
i found booksamillion . com easy to use .
do you insist that the detailed system design report should be developed as user documentation of operating the system ?
How informed are you about the IT policies in your business unit?
online companies should devote less time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to personal data .
the way it displays its products is attractive
- - - - performs reliably .
projects : development of new areas of application .
assuming i had access to the system , i plan and use the virtual .
when business requirements change , it really is fairly easy to change the selection and format of data made available today by our computer systems .
using a pws gives me greater control over my manual work .
online companies are in general predictable but consistent regarding the usage of the personal information of their members .
It is easy to learn the steps to use the system.
it is more difficult to do my job effectively , because some of the available data i really need is not available .
If I use a computer I will be less reliant on clerical support staff.
our company also provides enterprise resource planning training opportunities to employees , on a regular basis .
easy to .
It is easy to remember the business address (URL: Domain Address).
Core banking systems (i.e., demand deposit, savings, certificate of deposit): exclusively internal-exclusively external
We have successfully integrated most of our software applications with the ones of our channel partners
navigating between pages is a problem .
i evaluated an information requirements and analysis developed by information systems / industrial data processing .
please assess the effectiveness of your new project management work unit in the following activities relative to your major competitors : we are forthcoming in contributing our own input to the group .
although it might be helpful , using the system is certainly just not as compulsory in my job .
please indicate how important the following is knowledge or skills are in supporting the computing activities of your community three years from now : / ai / ai
changes in the criteria used to determine , the relevant status of different persons in entering the system .
are projects implemented under a crash basis ?
How much would customers/clients approve of your firm using IT in the next 6 months?
and technical - nontechnical .
i guess i have more to do than i can comfortably handle .
is breakdown will critically affect any one or more of our functional departments .
in recognition of praise
a skill needed on job
if i use the computer i will be seen as higher in class by my peers .
Credit card processing: exclusively internal-exclusively external
how do you evaluate your organization ’ s effectiveness in applying it for support providing value - added services ?
please rate the effectiveness of your new product development business unit through the following activities relative to your major competitors : we will interrelate our products to each other to meet market conditions .
i had no control over the way this virtual advisor made recommendations
In the auction listing, one can find information related to customer service
we face opposition by employees .
i certainly am more likely to make another purchase from this site in the next year .
it protects individuals ’ personal information effectively .
symbolic involvement . user interface input is requested but ignored .
important decisions taken by individuals
