It would be easy for me to become skillful at using the system.
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will be seen as higher in status by my peers.
If I were to adopt Windows, I would have more prestige in the organization than people who have not yet adopted it.
During this (Purchasing) module implementation project, my interactions with (Consultant William) increased my knowledge about setting up the configuration tables that support the client's business processes.
If I were to adopt Windows, it would enhance my effectiveness on the job.
ASP's should be profitable and stable companies.
Employees can easily retrieve information from various databases for decision support (e.g., cost information, reporting tools).
If I use the system, I will increase my chances of getting a raise.
Sharing my knowledge through EKRs makes me lose my knowledge that no one else has.
The computer produces large volumes of data which require considerable wading through to find the information I need.
Using the system in my job would enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly
If the information used to evaluate the statement could be interpreted in several ways.
Our information services performs the services right the first time
I don't know the type of benefits that can be derived by deploying the technologies.
I am keenly aware of the income goals I have for myself if I learn business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (2)
Learning to operate the Web site is easy.
In our relationship with partner company, the information exchange helps us provide each other a unique perspective that neither of us could have developed on our own.
I find the system easy to use.
I intend to spend considerable time and effort this year in exploring new IT for potential applications.
Working with partner company has helped you...better understand new or emerging markets.
When I contribute knowledge to EKRs, I expect to get back knowledge when I need it.
Using computers improves my job performance.
Given the resources, opportunities and knowledge it takes to use the system, it would be easy for me to use the system.
Excellent information services will have employees who give users personal attention
To what extent their use of computers was encouraged by: their friends.
(Consultant William) has a good command of the language.
Asked to Describe: the competition for their company's products.
IS employees give prompt service to users
Friendly Gesture Scenario
During this (Purchasing) module implementation project, my interactions with (Consultant William) improved my ability to develop test scripts for this module.
Has the EIS changed the nature of meetings, discussions, and work in the organization?
Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: Integrating your functions (e.g. design and manufacturing) with Alpha's service organization
For the following specific job tasks, please indicate whether you use a computer to perform each task.
Using the system improves the quality of the work I do my job.
Collaboration between (Client Alisha) and me: (2) Is sought after by me. Is well received, but not sought after by me. Is often avoided by me. Occurs only if I have no other alternative.
Working with computers is so complicated it is difficult to understand what is going on.
Did senior management encourage the joint collaboration of users and the IS staff for the project?
I hesitate to use a computer for fear of making mistakes I cannot correct.
I will increase my chances of getting a raise
Found the course a good learning experience
Based on my previous experience I would use IS technical and business planning consulting services in the future if I had a need.
The computer makes new information available to me that was not previously available.
What percentage of performance outcomes of previous exchanges with partner company and other similar partners are stored using information systems.
How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved? Better maintenance support
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Worthless/Valuable
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if someone else had helped me get started.
The extent to which assistance was available in terms of specialized instruction.
Level of Agreement/Disagreement with the Benefit of adopting an open system with more choices for hardware and software.
upset
Good/bad
DW has reduced the effort it takes to support decision making to the end-user community.
(Consultant William) expresses his/her ideas clearly.
If I heard abut a new information technology, I would look for ways to experiment with it.
I designed the user training program for this system
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Disseminating product/service information.
Useful in work
(Client Alisha) has a vision of what the implementation of (Purchasing) module project is trying to achieve.
Using the second system increased my productivity in performing the evaluation task.
Their perception of the organization's overall support for computer users.
Did the (IS staff) (users) block or prevent you from attaining your system goals and objectives?
Sharing my knowledge through EKRs makes me lose my knowledge that makes me stand out with respect to others.
I want to find out how good I really can be at learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module.
Sharing my knowledge through EKRs makes me lose my power base in the organization.
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Receiving payments from customers.
Employees of our information services understand your specific needs
People in my organization who use the system have a high profile.
The cost of the DW did not exceed its budgeted amount.
During the process of developing the new expenditure cycle application, to what extent did you actually participate in: Defining input and output forms.
IS has operating hours convenient to all its users
DW provides more comprehensive data to users {or applications) than source systems provided.
A desire to remain a group member
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will increase my effectiveness on the job.
Objectives which are given to me are reasonable.
(Client Alisha) has a clear understanding of goals, tasks, and responsibilities of implementing the (Purchasing) module.
Signed off formal agreement
I know the extent of benefits that can be derived by deploying the technologies.
(Client Alisha) can best exploit new information about the (Purchasing) module.
Did members have a strong sense of belonging to the group (during this meeting)?
My knowledge sharing would draw smooth cooperation from outstanding members in the future.
I trained other users to use this system
Asked to Describe: the frequency of price-cutting in their industry.
I find computers easy to use.
Effectiveness
Extent to which one agrees with: infeasible to dispose of existing proprietary systems.
As the new expenditure cycle application is being developed to what extent do you desire to participate in each of the following activity: Defining report formats
IS employees are always willing to help users
How would you rate the information exchanged with partner company in terms of its...timeliness, compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Testing products/services.
The reputation of the [line organization] for meeting its commitments to the [IS organization] is:
IS employees are never be too busy to respond to users' requests
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Useless/Useful
My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is an enjoyable experience.
My interaction with the system is clear and understandable
I dislike/like the idea of using the system.
It scares me to think that I could cause the computer to destroy a large amount of information by hitting the wrong key.
I am willing to put in a great deal of effort beyond that normally expected to help my organization to be successful.
During the project, did you do things which made the (IS staff) (users) feel angry?
Easier to do work
It would be easy for me to become skillful at using the system
Using the system is frustrating for me.
In general, the organization has supported the use of the system.
I could complete the job using the software package if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
Using the second system allowed me to accomplish or view more information related to understanding the two departments than would otherwise have been possible.
The behavior of employees will instill confidence in users
To what extent their use of computers was encouraged by: their peers in other organizations.
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with hardware difficulties.
Using the system is unpleasant/pleasant.
I believe that people in my organization share the best knowledge that they have.
I would find it easy to get the system to do what I want it to do
Learning to interrelate important topics and ideas
Using the Web improves my performance in college.
Employees in excellent information services will be consistently courteous with users
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
Working with partner company has helped you...improve service for the end customers.
Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions...when planning marketing programs.
People who influence my behavior think that I should use the system.
When excellent information services promise to do something by certain time, they will do so
Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: Leveraging your firm's expertise to create new business opportunities
I could complete the job using the software package...if someone showed me how to do it first.
Duration of use at home on weekdays
The reputation of the [IS organization] for meeting its commitments to the [line organization] is:
scared
When using the Web I am Imaginative.
(Client Alisha) has the managerial competence to absorb the business knowledge about (Purchasing) module.
It is easy for me to become skillful at using the Web.
I enjoy using the Web.
The extent to which assistance was available in terms of hardware difficulties.
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Of no concern to me/Of concern to me
The computer does not provide the precise information I need for my work.
Physical Demand: How much physical activity was required (e.g. pushing, pulling, turning, controlling, activating, etc.)? Was the task easy or demanding, slow or brisk, slack or strenuous, restful or laborious?
When I make a request for service or assistance, IS normally responds to my request in a timely manner.
Using the system enhances my effectiveness
The extent to which assistance was available in terms of software difficulties.
Time Demand: How much time pressure did you feel due to the rate or pace at which the tasks occurred? Was the pace slow and leisurely or rapid and frantic?
I clearly understand what input computers want.
My CEO thinks that I should share my knowledge with other members in the organization.
Usage Fee Scenario
Use of the system can significantly increase the quality of output on my job
Our suppliers/vendors consider it important to improve coordination and collaboration with us.
When I share my knowledge through EKRs, my superiors praise me.
Extent to which you exchange process information needed to support changes in product features or volumes with partner company.
Using the system in my job would increase my productivity
(Client Alisha) and I have very similar prior experience with implementation projects.
How are web related expenses justified in your organization? Please indicate the extent of importance: meeting return on investment (ROI) criteria
I could complete the job using the software package if I had used similar packages before this one to do the same job.
The computer systems I use are convenient and easy to use.
Specialized instruction concerning the system was available to me.
How would you rate the information exchanged with partner company in terms of its...value added to your business needs, compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
The extent to which their peers in other organizations actually used computers.
I am ___ with my use of CBT. Extremely displeased... Extremely pleased.
Using the system would make it easier to do my job
I do not like to be associated with any computer department.
I could complete my job using the technology if...I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
Were there important opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning when or how the system should be implemented?
Most times when I get on to the Web, I end up spending more time that I had planned.
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself
Using the system would make it easier to do my job
In our relationship with partner company, we share information with each other that is not available from other sources.
A desire to end the group
Electronic Mail Scenario
How do you feel about your overall experience of OBD use: Very frustrated/Very contented.
Long implementation period.
The extent to which the knowledge and understanding used in planning for new products, programs for Alpha is significantly specific to the relationship (i.e., customized for Alpha) or is relatively similar to what you use with other retailers.
To what extent their use of computers was encouraged by: their peers in the their work organization.
Using the system involves too much time doing mechanical operations (e.g., data input)
Learning to operate the Web is easy for me.
It takes too long to learn how to use the system to make it worth the effort
Using the system is a bad/good idea.
Did the (IS staff) (users) depend on you in order to accomplish their project work?
Guidance is available to me in the selection of hardware, software, printers, and other equipment.
Sharing my knowledge through EKRs improves others recognition of me.
Were group members well committed to the goals and objectives of the group (during the meeting)?
The more difficult it is to understand business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module, the more I enjoy learning it. (1)
Enjoyable-disgusting
Users will feel safe in their transactions with IS's employees
By using the system I can better decide whether I want to go see a particular movie or not.
Collaboration between (Consultant William) and me:
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
Using...would improve my job performance
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will increase my chances of obtaining a promotion.
While using the Web I am able to block out most other distractions.
Employees will be consistently courteous with users
I find the system to be easy to use.
Our systems can easily transmit, integrate and process data from suppliers/vendors and customers.
jittery
The exact definition of data fields relating to my tasks is easy to find out.
When performing processes that are inter-linked, to what extent does your company and partner company exchange information to track each other's internal processes?
Using the system enhances my effectiveness on the job
Working with partner company has helped you...better understand the needs of customers.
Frequency of use at work
If I were to adopt Windows, it would be compatible with most aspects of my work.
The level of understanding of the [line organization] for the work environment (problems, tasks, roles, etc.) of the [IS organization] is: weak - strong
Work more quickly
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided
The Web site makes it easier to search for and purchase CDs/books.
How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of...meeting on-time delivery requirements associated with partner company.
Users were assigned full-time to parts of the DW project.
Interacting with the Web makes me curious.
Extent to which you exchange information on demand shifts and changes in customer preferences with partner company.
Employees of IS understand the specific needs of its users
There is a big discrepancy between computer and software qualities claimed by computer elite and the real qualities
People in my organization who use the system have more prestige than those who do not.
The data sources used for DW were diverse and disparate applications/systems.
I can trust my boss's evaluation to be good.
Considering all tasks, the general extent to which use of the system could assist on the job
Members in  my department cooperate well with each other.
I approved an information requirements analysis developed by the Information Systems/ Data Processing staff
The extent to which the software and applications used (e.g., billing, inventory management, EDI, etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
I can't get some thoughts out of my head.
Time Demand: How much time pressure did you feel due to the rate or pace at which the tasks occurred? Was the pace slow and leisurely or rapid and frantic?
I feel that my organization cares about me.
When performing processes that are inter-linked, to what extent does your company and partner company exchange coordination information exchange to synchronize your activities?
How does this group compare with other student groups on the following point: The way people get along together
Working with the system is fun.
Information exchange policies with our suppliers (i.e., frequency, precision, real-time or delayed, format and channel) are well defined.
Order changes are automatically reflected in downstream processes or systems (e.g., inventory, manufacturing resource planning and manufacturing systems).
Communication between (Consultant William) and me is:
Using OBD enhances my effectiveness in managing personal finances.
(Consultant William's) written communication is difficult to understand. (Reverse coded)
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Delivering products/services to customers.
Group work contributed to learning
The DW project was adequately funded.
Overall, most of my expectations from using OBD were confirmed.
Using OBD improves my performance in managing personal finances.
How much do you agree of disagree from your experience with an ASP that, low implementation and service costs have been achieved.
In general, the level of influence that members of the [line organization] have on key decisions and policies of the [IS organization] is: weak - strong
My department encourages finding new methods to perform a task.
IS's employees are well dressed and neat in appearance
I could complete the job using the software package if I had only the software manuals for reference.
On the reports or systems I deal with, the exact meaning of the data elements is either obvious, or easy to find out.
Computers encourage unethical practices.
(Client Alisha) is easy to talk to.
To what extent do you feel you had personal control over the defining the following attributes of the new expenditure cycle application: Input and output forms
Level of Agreement/Disagreement with the Benefit of adopting an open system that promotes flexibility and integration.
I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
Course was boring
Using the second system enhanced my effectiveness in completing the evaluation task.
Learning to operate Windows would be easy for me.
Members in my department have a strong feeling of "one team".
If I were to adopt Windows, the quality of my work would improve.
I would find the system easy to use.
It is laborious to codify my knowledge into EKRs.
It is important to get a better work assignment when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
I enjoy learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module that are completely new to me.
I like to experiment with new information technologies.
I could complete my job using the technology if...I had only the software manuals for reference.
To what extent their use of computers was encouraged by: their family.
During the process of developing the new expenditure cycle application, to what extent did you actually participate in: Defining screen layouts.
guilty
The existing climate in my department is not supportive of interaction with other organizational members.
(Consultant William) is an expert.
Excellent information services will provide their services at the time they promise to do so
What percentage of time do you use information systems...to slice the information obtained from the channel partners into parts depending upon the requirements of different units or individuals in your company.
The standard operating procedures cover all procurement scenarios (e.g., well-defined rules for large versus small procurement).
I could communicate to others the pros and cons of adopting Windows.
Did project success depend on the joint collaboration of the (IS staff) (users) and yourself?
The computer provides me with more up-to-date information than that available in manual files.
Our process for implementation was well understood at the time of this project.
I feel that I control computer rather than computers control me.
I really care about the fate of the Message Boards
When it's necessary to compare or consolidate data from different sources, I find that there may be unexpected or difficult inconsistencies.
Sharing my knowledge through EKRs makes me loss my unique value in the organization.
The extent to which the knowledge and understanding used in determining product pricing for Alpha is significantly specific to the relationship (i.e., customized for Alpha) or is relatively similar to what you use with other retailers.
I have to feel that I'm earning something for learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module.
(Consultant William) is credible.
DW provides more correct data to users (or applications) in respect to source systems.
I am getting the training I need to be able to use company computer systems, languages, procedures and data effectively.
Formal agreement of work to do
Extent to which the business processes interfaces with partner company are similar to the process interfaces linked with other channel partners - in terms of rules and procedures.
In general, the level of influence that members of the [IS organization] have on key decisions and policies of the [line organization] is: weak - strong
Using a computer is frustrating for me
Using the second system enabled me to accomplish my evaluation task more quickly.
I like working with the system.
The senior management of this business has been helpful in the use of the system.
During the project, did the (IS staff) (users) do things which made you feel angry?
Did you block or prevent the (IS staff) (users) from attaining their system goals and objectives?
If I heard about a new information technology, I would look for ways to experiment with it.
I am glad I chose to work for this organization rather than another company.
Using the Web arouses my imagination.
Computers dehumanize society by treating everyone as a number.
A desire to drop out of the group
It often takes too long for IS to communicate with me on my requests
To what extent do you think this is a good way to generate creative solutions.
Using the system in my job increases my productivity
I could complete the job using the software package...if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself
Interacting with the system does not require a lot of my mental effort.
Learning to operate the system is easy for me.
I find the Web useful in my college activities.
In general, the ability of members of the [line organization] to affect key policies and decisions of the [IS organization] is: weak - strong
Employees will have the knowledge to do their job well
Using the system is a bad/good idea.
The senior management of this business has been helpful in the use of the system.
Exciting-dull
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Insignificant/Significant
I feel a great deal of loyalty to the Message Boards
I can count on the system to be "up" and available when I need it.
I would find the system useful in my job.
The Web site increases my productivity in searching and purchasing CDs/books.
I could complete the job using the software package if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
Management provides most of the necessary help and resources to enable people to use computers.
Among my peers, I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
How much do you agree of disagree from your experience with an ASP that, ability to integrate information from various functional applications, has been achieved?
It feels good to help others solve their problems
To enhance my effectiveness was (much worse than expected...much better than expected).
The DW project provided all of the DW functionality that it was supposed to provide.
Accomplish Task Quickly
Using the Web provides me with a lot of enjoyment.
My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is a wise move.
The extent to which assistance was available in terms of equipment selection.
Before deciding on whether or not to adopt Windows, I would be able to properly try it out.
I have to be careful not to let my real feeling show.
The behavior of employees in our information services instills confidence in you
All things considered, adopting Windows in my job within the next six months would be extremely good...extremely bad.
How much do you agree or disagree with the following statement indicating your company's satisfaction with the ASP : My company's senior management is satisfied with security and privacy offered by the ASP.
Asked to Describe: the degree of loyalty of their major customers.
IS delivers agreed-upon solutions to support my business needs.
Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: The extent to which you use specific IT based support for order Processing, invoicing and settling accounts
The extent to which the operating procedures used (e.g., manufacturing, bar-coding, packaging, shipping procedures etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
How useful to you has computer-based information been in identifying where there might be slack resources that could be to other purposes
(Consultant William) and I understand each other when we talk.
Knowledge about the prior use of IT is documented.
Did the (IS staff) (users) block or prevent you from achieving the physical design that you desired?
The level of appreciation that the [IS organization] has for the accomplishments of the [line organization] is: weak - strong
nervous
The DW had support from people throughout the organization.
Duration of use at home on weekends
I could complete my job using the technology if... there was no one around to tell me what to do.
Employees in excellent information services will always be willing to help users
I find it easy to get the system to do what I want it to do.
When these IS units promise to do something by a certain time, they will do so
People who are important to me think that I should use the system.
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Providing customer service support.
I could complete the job using the software package if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
Asked to Describe: the market for their company's products.
Corrective Action Scenario
The system makes work more interesting.
The DW project had enough team members to get the work done.
Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: Understanding trends in sales and customer preferences with Alpha
When I share my knowledge through EKRs, I expect somebody to respond with I'm in need.
How much do you agree of disagree from your experience with an ASP, that access to best technology, has been achieved?
Did you block or prevent the (IS staff) (users) from achieving the physical design that they desired?
Job Performance
Using the system would improve my job performance
The extent to which the operating procedures used (e.g., manufacturing, bar-coding, packaging, shipping procedures etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
In general the people employed by my organization are working toward the same goal.
The data maintained by the corporation or division is pretty much what I need to carry out my tasks.
I find it easy to get the system to do what I want it to do.
Please indicate whether you use any of the following computer software.
To increase my productivity was (much worse than expected...much better than expected).
(Consultant William) can deal with others effectively.
My boss doesn't show favoritism to anyone.
Level of Agreement/Disagreement with the Benefit of adopting an open system with better utilization of IT resources.
The nature of the interaction with the Web site is typical of other similar type Web sites.
afraid
Overall, OBD is useful in managing personal finances.
Did you block or prevent the (IS staff) (users) from implementing the system in the way they desired?
Extent to which you exchange details of upcoming product or service related changes with partner company.
Learned to identify central issues
I have no difficulty telling others about the results of adopting Windows.
DW has reduced the time it takes to support decision making to the end-user community.
ASP'ss should support all our business application outsourcing needs.
Frustration Level: How insecure, discouraged, irritated, stressed and annoyed versus secure, gratified, content, relaxed and complacent did you feel during the task.
(Client Alisha) and I understand each other when we talk.
What is your frequency of usage of EKRs to contribute knowledge?
Extent to which information exchanged (e.g., sales reporting, product information, product availability, inventory information, etc.) with partner company needs to be converted or translated to be interpreted by your company
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if I had only the software manuals for reference.
IS takes a real interest in helping me solve my business problems.
I could complete the job using the software package if I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself.
Excellent information services will perform the service right the first time
The appearance of the physical facilities of IS  in keeping with the kind of services provided
In general, I am hesitant to try out new information technologies.
How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved?  Access to best technology
I go out of my way to interact/communicate with (Consultant William).
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will be less reliant on clerical support staff.
Using computers improves my productivity on the job.
DW has improved the consistency of data to users (or applications) over that of source systems.
What percentage of time do you use information systems...to derive inferences from past events (e.g., process exceptions, patterns of demand shifts, impacts of different company responses, what worked and what did not work)
Employees in excellent information services will have the knowledge to answer users' questions
Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions...when planning for demand development.
I am proud to be an employee of this organization.
distressed
Could make changes to agreement
Group work was fun
During the process of developing the new expenditure cycle application, to what extent did you actually participate in: Creating user procedural manuals.
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if someone showed me how to do it first.
(Client Alisha) has information on the state-of-the-art of the (Purchasing) module.
IS kept me informed
The behavior of employees in excellent information services will instill confidence in users
Sometimes it is difficult for me to compare or consolidate data from two different sources because the data is defined differently.
Any political resistance to DW in the organization was dealt with effectively
When using the Web I am Spontaneous.
Using the Web excites my curiosity.
My intentions are to continue using OBD than use any alternative means (traditional banking)
(Client Alisha) can help solve problems associated with the (Purchasing) module.
Using the system is compatible with all aspects of my work.
I have the expertise needed to provide valuable knowledge for my organization.
Student comments were useful to me
I do not have the time to enter my knowledge into EKRs.
The IS people we deal with understand the day-to-day objectives of my work group and its mission within our company.
If I had to use a computer, it would probably be more trouble than it's worth.
Using the Web enhances my productivity.
Using the system in my job would enable me to accomplish tasks more quickly,
What percentage of transactional activities that took place in your previous exchanges with partner company and other similar partners are stored using information systems.
Flexible to Interact with
I had main responsibility for the development project
On average, how frequently do you use a computer for job-related work?
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
Using the second system improved the quality of the evaluation I performed.
These IS units will give users individual attention
Members in my department consider other members' standpoint highly.
For this system, I defined/helped define report formats
Computer Anxiety Rating Scale: I feel apprehensive about using computers.
The second system supported all the various types of activities required to complete the evaluation task.
The computer systems I use are subject to frequent problems and crashes.
Our suppliers/vendors are willing to share information electronically with us.
To be useful for my studies was (much worse than expected...much better than expected).
The extent to which the software and applications used (e.g., billing, inventory management, EDI, etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
Overall, the quality of this meeting was high.
Working with partner company has helped you...develop strategies to compete in the market, that would not have been possible otherwise.
Society values computers too highly.
When using the Web I fee! in control.
The level of understanding of the [IS organization] for the work environment (problems, tasks, roles, etc.) of the [line organization] is: weak - strong
How do you feel about your overall experience of OBD use: Very dissatisfied/Very satisfied.
My knowledge sharing would expand the scope of my association with other members in the organization.
I believe this seller will deliver to me the product I purchase according to the posted delivery terms and conditions
I am ___ with my use of CBT. Extremely displeased... Extremely pleased.
Marketing Data Scenario
Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm actively participates in: formulating a strategy for the organizational use of the WWW
I did not have to expend very much effort to try out different technologies.
IS has employees who give users personal attention
Interesting-boring
Customer feedback is quickly disseminated into organizational processes.
I find it easy to get computers to do what I want them to do.
ASP's should have Service Level Agreements on network reliability and security.
(Client Alisha) is a good listener.
If I were to adopt Windows, it would fit my work style.
I could complete the job using the software package...if I had just the built-in help facility for assistance.
Performance: How successful do you think you were in accomplishing the goals of the task? How satisfied were you with your performance in accomplishing these goals?
Users performed hands-on activities (e.g., data modeling) during the DW project.
I find that my values and my organization's values are very similar.
Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm believes in the following: The WWW is not a very secure medium to conduct business activities.
It doesn't really make any difference whether I add to the knowledge others are likely to share through EKRs.
The Web site is useful for searching and buying CDs/books.
I regularly use EKRs to contribute my knowledge in my work.
If I were to adopt Windows, it would fit me well with the way I like to work.
In general, the ability of members of the [IS organization] and the [line organization] to affect each other's key decisions and policies is: weak - strong
Increase in ability to integrate facts (synthesis)
I believe the CONFIG project has a low probability of success.
I am satisfied with the level of technical and business planning consulting expertise I receive from IS.
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will increase my chances of getting a raise.
Common definitions for key data items were implemented across the source systems.
These IS units will have employees who give users personal attention
Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm believes in the following: The WWW will create a significant competitive arena for firms.
I could complete my job using the technology if...I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if I had used similar packages before this one to do the same job.
I can't get data that is current enough to meet my business needs.
I talk of this organization to my friends as a great company to work for.
I have the resources necessary to use the system.
Data can be shared easily among various internal systems (e.g., forecasting, production, manufacturing, shipment, finance, accounting, etc).
IS employees are consistently courteous with users
How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of...ability to meet inventory requirements (finished goods) associated with partner company.
Using OBD increases my productivity in managing personal finances.
By using the system I can decide more quickly and more easily whether I want to go see a particular movie or not.
I look forward to those aspects of my job that require me to use the system.
How are web related expenses justified in your organization? Please indicate the extent of importance: realizing cost savings
IS provides its services at the times it promises to do so
A significant number of source systems had to be modified to provide data for DW,
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Publishing company specific facts/figures.
Group work contributed to course quality
Among my peers, I am usually the first to try out new information technologies.
IS takes my business group's business problems seriously.
In general, the ability of members of the [IS organization] to affect key policies and decisions of the [line organization] is: weak - strong
To what extent their use of computers was encouraged by: their subordinates.
Mental Demand: How much mental and perceptual activity was required (e.g. thinking, deciding, calculating, remembering, looking, searching, etc.)? Was the task easy or demanding, simple or complex, exacting or forgiving?
I could complete the job using the software package....if someone else had helped me get started.
Employees will always be willing to help others
Has the EIS changed the nature of meetings, discussions, and work in the organization?
Our suppliers/vendors have Internet-based systems to engage in electronic business.
I feel that participation improves my status in the profession
When IS promises to do something by a certain time. it does so
I am ___ with my use of CBT. Extremely displeased... Extremely pleased.
Whets does the EIS do for the organization?
Employees in our information services give you prompt service
I don't care what other people say, computers are not for me.
There are people in my organization I could rely on in helping me with the use of a technology.
DW has changed my job significantly.
How useful to you has computer-based information been in identifying problems, abuses or inefficiencies in the unit(s) you supervise
The level of appreciation that the [IS organization] and the [line organization] have for each other's accomplishments is: weak - strong
The actual process of using the system is pleasant.
Management is aware of the benefits that can be achieved with the use of computers.
It is important to get a higher bonus when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
These IS units will be dependable
There is not enough training for me or my staff on how to find, understand, access or use the company computer systems.
Management provides good access to various types of software when people need them.
I am of the cost of deploying the technologies.
Management provides good access to hardware resources when people need them.
For this system, I defined/helped define screen layouts
The DW project met its critical project deadlines (e.g.., rollout deadline, initial development deadline).
I intend to explore new IT for potential application in my work context.
Were there important opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning how the project should be managed (e.g., staffing the project team, calling and running meetings, reporting to senior management, etc.?
I think that using the system fits well with the way I like to work.
How much do you agree or disagree with the following statement indicating your company's satisfaction with the ASP: Our MIS is willing to share workload and information with an ASP.
I sometimes get nervous just thinking about computers.
IF I USE A COMPUTER...My co-workers will perceive me as competent.
I understand computer output.
Increase in skill in critical thinking
How useful to you has computer-based information been in managing your financial resources in order to prevent overspending
I get bored quickly when using the system
Overdrawn Account Scenario
When using the Web I am Creative.
Using...would make it easier to do my job
Increased understanding of basic concepts
I am keenly aware of the promotion goals I have for myself if I learn business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (2)
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Attracting new customers.
My knowledge sharing would improve work processes in the organization.
Once 1 start working on the computer, I find it hard to so
Using the system increases my productivity
Using the system takes too much time from my normal duties
Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm actively participates in: articulating a vision for the organizational use of the WWW
How are web related expenses justified in your organization? Please indicate the extent of importance: new business opportunities rationale
Extent to which you exchange information related to changes in supply chain structure - such as addition or dropping of partner companies, merger and alliances, with partner company.
I feel safe conducting business with the online vendor because of its statements of guarantees.
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Trivial/Fundamental
Computer Anxiety Rating Scale: Computers are somewhat intimidating to me.
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Offering value-added customer services.
The extent to which the administrative procedures used (e.g., vendor selection, cost accounting procedures etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
I like helping other people
Supplier/vendor selection criteria are well documented.
People in the organization who share their knowledge through EKRs have more prestige than those who do not.
I could complete the job using the software package...if I had used similar packages like this one before to do the job.
Management is really keen to see that people are happy using computers.
IS insists on error-free records
I could complete the job using the software package if I had never used a package like it before.
I agree with the final decision of the group.
During the process of developing the new expenditure cycle application, to what extent did you actually participate in: Defining report formats.
Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions...by analyzing response to marketing promotions
How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved? Low implementation and service costs.
The output requirements of partner company from your company and your requirements from partner company are precisely specified and understood.
Were you the leader of the project team?
The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
The effort is high for me to codify my knowledge into EKRs.
Performance: How successful do you think you were in accomplishing the goals of the task? How satisfied were you with your performance in accomplishing these goals?
To what extent do you feel you had personal control over the defining the following attributes of the new expenditure cycle application: Report formats
I'm more comfortable when I can set my own goals for learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (2)
Formally reviewed IS work
These IS units will have the users' best interest at heart
Ability to critically analyze issues
The extent of bureaucracy involved in accessing experience-based knowledge in other parts of my organization is minimal.
If I were to adopt Windows, it would be easy to use.
Computer Anxiety Rating Scale: I hesitate to use a computer for fear of making mistakes that I cannot correct.
I could complete the job using the software package if I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
I believe there are very little risks in continuing to fun the CONFIG project (reverse scale).
I have access to external forums (outside my organization) to exchange information regarding my experiences with IT.
I COULD COMPLETE THE JOB USING THE SOFTWARE...if I had never used a package like it before.
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Bad/Good
If I were to adopt Windows, it would give me high status in the organization.
I think the seller is honest.
I picture some future misfortune.
Extent to which you exchange future plans such as promotion and marketing plans, long-term production plans, capital investments and capacity utilization with partner company.
Generally speaking, I accept and carry out my boss's decision even though it is different from mine.
Time flies when I am using the Web.
I have to feel that I'm personally benefitting from learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (1,2)
Useful
I am strongly motivated by the money I can earn if I learn business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (1,2)
Using the system enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly
I believe that it is easy to get the system to do what I want it to do
(Consultant William) and I have very similar prior experience with implementation projects.
Looking forward to coming to the group
I have difficulty explaining why adopting Windows may or may not be beneficial.
IS has up-to-date hardware and software
I created the user procedures manual for this system
While on the Web, I am immersed in the task I am performing.
I could complete the job using the software package...if I had only the software manuals for reference
Did the (IS staff) (users) block or prevent you from implementing the system in the way you desired?
The Web site is easy to use.
If I learn business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module, I want other people to find out how good I am. (1)
Working with partner company has helped you...better understand intentions and capabilities of your competitors.
Did the (IS staff) (users) block or prevent you from managing the project in the way you desired?
How much do you agree of disagree from your experience with an ASP that, ability to implement IT solutions rapidly, has been achieved?
I will increase the quality of output of my job
When users have a problem, IS shows a sincere interest in solving it
Our information services gives you individual attention
My knowledge sharing would help the organization achieve its performance objectives.
Sufficiently detailed data is maintained by the corporation.
Users (or applications) have more accurate data now from DW than they had from source systems (e.g.,, transaction systems).
How useful to you has computer-based information been in evaluating the relative performance of the subunits within your department or division.
I could complete my job using the technology if...I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
When using the Web I am Inventive.
I would find the system useful in my job
The service level provided by OBD was better than what I expected.
Did you have responsibility for selecting the hardware and/or software needed for the new system?
I have easy access to tools for building prototypes.
I could complete my job using the technology if...I had seen someone else using it before trying it myself
The level of trust that exists between the [IS organization] and the [line organization] is:
I have confidence in my ability to provide knowledge that others in my organization consider valuable.
Our suppliers/vendors consider it important to engage in electronic business.
Overall, I believe that the system is easy to use
Duration of use at work
I intend to explore new IT for enhancing the effectiveness of my work.
The extent to which their friends actually used computers.
Guidance was available to me in the selection of the system.
Were there important opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning the physical design of the system (e.g., inputs, screens, menus, report formats, etc.)?
Our suppliers/vendors feel comfortable (regarding security, privacy, etc.) engaging in electronic business.
To what extent was trust exhibited within the group (during this meeting)?
My colleagues think I should share my knowledge with other members in the organization.
If the information used to evaluate the statement could mean different things to different members of the Board of Trustees.
During this (Purchasing) module implementation project, my interactions with (Consultant William) improved my knowledge of this module.
The level of appreciation that the [IS organization] and the [line organization] have for each other's accomplishments is:
IS has the users' best interests at heart
Learning to value other points of view
My knowledge sharing would create strong relationships with members who have common interests in the organization.
There is a norm of collaboration in my organization.
When on the Web, I get distracted by other attentions very easily.
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Creating a new distribution channel.
How much do you agree or disagree with the following statement indicating your company's satisfaction with the ASP:  Overall, I am satisfied with the ASP's way of implementing IS projects.
I earn respect from others by participating in the Message Boards
The behavior of IS employees instills confidence in users
Does the EIS make you more competitive?
Use of the system can decrease the time needed for my important job responsibiiities.
Whets does the EIS do for the organization?
What percentage of time do you use information systems...to combine information obtained from different channel partners to create new interpretations and uncover trends and patterns.
Level of Agreement/Disagreement with the Benefit of adopting an open system that allows transparent data access.
Employees will give prompt service to users
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Enhancing company image.
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with software difficulties.
How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of...meeting productivity standards associated with partner company.
Were there important opinion differences between you and the (IS staff) (users) concerning the goals and objectives of the system?
Sometimes I lose track of time when I am using the Web.
I don't have access to communication tools to interact with other organizational members.
Collaboration between (Consultant William) and me:
There is a norm of tolerance of mistakes in my organization.
I look forward to those aspects of my job that require me to use a computer.
Generally speaking, I respect and put in practice my colleague's decision.
Using...would enhance my effectiveness on the job
My knowledge sharing would get me well-acquainted with new members in the organization.
Using the system would enhance my effectiveness on the job
I feel that I have no control over my interaction with the Web.
My boss thinks that I should share my knowledge with other members in the organization.
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Not Needed/Needed
IS employees have the knowledge to do their job well
While using the Web, I am absorbed in what I am doing.
How would you rate the information exchanged with partner company in terms of its...relevancy to your business needs, compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
It is easy to find out what data the corporation maintains on a given subject.
Were group members open and frank in expressing their ideas and feelings (during this meeting)?
I was permitted to use a new technology on a trial basis long enough to see what it could do.
Using the second system made the evaluation task easier to do.
Being dissatisfied with the group.
It is easy for me to become skillful at using computers.
I feel a sense of belonging towards my organization.
My knowledge sharing would help other members in the organization solve problems.
When using the Web I am Flexible.
Working with the system is fun.
Our systems can easily transmit, integrate, and process data from suppliers, vendors and customers.
Computer professionals are just naturally friendly and helpful
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with system difficulties.
My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is valuable to me.
Employees will always be willing to help others
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Irrelevant to me/Relevant to me
The employees of excellent information services will understand the specific needs of their users
irritable
DW can flexibly adjust to new demands or conditions.
(Client Alisha) has the necessary skills to implement the (Purchasing) module.
My experience with using OBD was better than what I expected.
Using the system is a foolish/wise idea.
My supervisor is very supportive of the use of the system for my job.
Overall, I found the second system useful in performing the evaluation task.
Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm actively participates in: establishing goals and standards to monitor Web projects.
To what extent do you think this is a good way to generate ideas?
Learned factual material
Easy to become skillful
My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is harmful.
The extent to which the knowledge and understanding used in product conception and design for Alpha is significantly specific to the relationship (i.e., customized for Alpha) or is relatively similar to what you use with other retailers.
I evaluated an information requirements analysis developed by Information Systems/Data Processing
Asked to Describe: the demand of their customers.
I find the Web easy to use.
Level of Agreement/Disagreement with the Benefit of adopting an open system no longer constrained by proprietary systems.
How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of...responding to each others requests.
While on the Web, my attention does not get diverted very easily.
(Client Alisha) usually responds to messages (memos, phone calls, reports, etc.) quickly.
I trust computer suppliers.
If I were to adopt Windows, it would enable me to accomplish my tasks more quickly.
What percentage of time do you use information systems...to represent the information obtained from channel partners in multiple ways, depending upon the requirements of various units within your company.
Mental Demand: How much mental and perceptual activity was required (e.g. thinking, deciding, calculating, remembering, looking, searching, etc.)? Was the task easy or demanding, simple or complex, exacting or forgiving?
(Consultant William) typically gets right to the point.
I believe the CONFIG project has a high probability of success (reverse scale).
Enhance Effectiveness
Most other employees can provide more valuable knowledge than I can.
Improve Performance
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Nonessential/Essential
I feel apprehensive about using computers
How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved? Ability to implement IT solutions rapidly.
I use the system because of the proportion of coworkers who use the system.
(Client Alisha) is sensitive to others' needs.
I could complete my job using the technology if... had never used a package like it before.
When using the Web I am Original.
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will be better organized.
All things considered, adopting Windows in my job within the next six months would be extremely harmful...extremely beneficial.
By using the system I can better decide which movie I want to go see than in the past.
The extent to which their peers in their work organization actually used computers.
The computer systems I use are subject to unexpected or inconvenient down times which makes it harder to do my work.
When performing processes that are inter-linked, to what extent does your company and partner company exchange operational information (such as inventory levels, product availability, production volumes, etc.).
The system is not compatible with other systems I use.
How useful to you has computer-based information been during the annual budget preparation process
Use can increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort
It is important to get a higher salary when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
Learning to use computers is easy for me.
The information requested of me at this Web site is the type of information most similar type Web sites request.
By using the system I am better informed about new movies.
To what extent do you feel you had personal control over the defining the following attributes of the new expenditure cycle application: Screen layouts
As the new expenditure cycle application is being developed to what extent do you desire to participate in each of the following activity: Defining screen layouts
I find using computers useful in my job.
I like working with computers
Vulnerability to network problems.
I believe there are substantial risks in continuing to fund the CONFIG project.
I have fun interacting with the Web.
I often use EKRs to contribute my knowledge in my work.
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with system difficulties.
Using the system would improve my job performance
Sharing my knowledge through EKRs improves my image within the organization.
During this (Purchasing) module implementation project, my interactions with (Consultant William) have increased my understanding of how this module integrates with other modules and/or systems.
DW is versatile in addressing data needs as they arise.
How much do you agree or disagree with the following statement indicating your company's satisfaction with the ASP : My company's MIS department is satisfied with the security and privacy offered by the ASP.
Supplier/vendor evaluation metrics are well defined.
Using the system in my job would increase my productivity
How do you feel about your overall experience of OBD use: Absolutely terrible? Absolutely delighted.
The extent to which their subordinates actually used computers.
My interaction with the system would be clear and understandable.
(Client Alisha) has the technical competence to absorb the technical knowledge about (Purchasing) module.
To what extent do you think this is a good way to generate high quality ideas?
The vendor/supplier quality monitoring process is well defined.
When our information services promises to do something by a certain time, it does so
The extent to which the administrative procedures used (e.g., vendor selection, cost accounting procedures etc.) in supplying Alpha are relatively similar or are significantly different from what you use with other retailers.
IS and users worked together as a team on the DW project.
The processes conducted in conjunction with the partner company are divided into clearly understood activities to be performed by you and partner company
I have access to knowledge about the prior use of IT within my organization.
Specialized instruction and education concerning software is available to me.
In general, the organization has supported the use of the system
Extent to which one agrees with: existing IS personnel are only familiar with proprietary systems.
I am worried that if I share my knowledge through EKRs, I will have to spend additional time answering follow up questions.
IS is dependable
Change in the organization created by DW was managed effectively.
Physical Demand: How much physical activity was required (e.g. pushing pulling, turning, controlling, activating, etc.)? Was the task easy or demanding, slow or brisk, slack or strenuous, restful or laborious?
I often spend more time on the Web than I had intended.
The data is up to date enough for my purposes.
Using the system increases my productivity.
Once I start working on the system, find it hard to stop.
How useful to you has computer-based information been for day-to-day expenditure decisions
The company maintains data at an appropriate level of detail for my group's tasks.
Specialized instruction and education concerning software is available to me.
My knowledge sharing with other organizational members is good.
If I could, I would like to discontinue my use of OBD
Members in my department keep close ties with each other.
I believe that people in my organization give credit for other's knowledge where it is due.
Did you have responsibility for estimating development costs of the new system?
When using the Web I am Playful.
I would feel a loss if the Message Boards were no longer available
Using a computer is an enjoyable experience.
Computers have made it easier for me to get the information I need.
Makes job easier
Learning to operate the system is easy for me
(Consultant William's) oral communication is difficult to understand. (Reverse coded)
Difficulties in accessing computer-based data gathered or held by other departments and agencies.
Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: The extent to which you use specific IT based support for managing warehouse stock and inventories.
In general, I am hesitant to try out new information technologies.
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with hardware difficulties.
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used for the following business activities: Conducting marketing surveys.
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Unimportant/Important
Effort: How hard did you have to work (mentally and physically) to accomplish your level of performance.
Pleasant-unpleasant
(Consultant William) and I don't have difficult time understanding each other.
Dreading to come to the group
If I use the system I will increase my effectiveness on the job
I could complete my job using the technology if...someone else helped me get started.
Using the system makes it easier to do my job
Loss of control over information.
Increase productivity
The activities performed by your company and partner company are performed simultaneously to a large extent.
A specific person (or group) is available for assistance with software difficulties.
I will increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort.
How would you rate your transactions with partner company in terms of...meetings agreed upon costs per unit associated with partner company.
Extent to which one agrees with: high cost for migration.
(Consultant William) is well-trained.
DW effectively integrates data from systems servicing different functional areas.
It is easy to learn how to use the computer systems I need.
I would be permitted to use Windows on a trial basis long enough to see what it can do.
I could complete my job using the technology if...someone showed me how to do it first.
Overall, I was personally satisfied with this decision meeting.
How would you rate the information exchanged with partner company in terms of its...its completeness, compared to information exchanged with other similar partners?
Please indicate how extensively your corporate Web site is being used to support each of the following business strategies: Creating a new advertising channel.
Learned more because of class format
I could complete the job using the software package...if I could call someone for help if I got stuck.
Before deciding on whether or not to adopt Windows, I would be able to use it on a trial basis.
Computers save me time in looking for information.
Employees in our information services are consistently courteous with you
In general, the level of influence that members of the [IS organization] and the [line organization] have on each other's key decisions and policies is: weak - strong
Management always supports and encourages the use of computers for job-related work.
(Client Alisha) pays attention to what other people say to him/her.
Learning to operate the system would be easy for me.
Our systems allow continuous monitoring of order status at various stages in the process.
Extent to which content of information exchanged (e.g., sales reporting, product information, product availability, inventory information, etc.) with partner company can be interpreted similar to information exchanged with other partners.
Our information services has your best interests at heart
In our relationship with partner company, we share confidential information if we feel it can help our business partner.
How much do you agree of disagree from your experience with an ASP that better maintenance support has been achieved?
I like working with the system.
My knowledge sharing would increase productivity in the organization.
Clear/Understandable Interaction
I have the knowledge necessary to use the system.
If you had a chance to do the same kind of work in another student work group how would you feel about moving?
Employees in our information services are never too busy to respond to your requests
Working with partner company has helped you...better understand the market segments you serve.
(Consultant William) is trustworthy.
1 get bored quickly when working on a computer
Guidance is available to me in the selection of hardware, software, printers, and other equipment.
Liking the group
Employees in our information services have the knowledge to answer your questions
Employees can easily retrieve information support.
Having Windows is a status symbol in my organization.
Customers generally have one contact point for all service needs.
If I were to adopt Windows, it would make my job easier.
ASP's should have tracking tools and systems to prove Service Level Agreements achievement.
IS gives users individual attention
(Consultant William) is experienced.
My department encourages suggesting ideas for new opportunities.
It is important to be promoted when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
I enjoy helping others in the Message Boards
(Consultant William) usually says the right thing at the right time.
Communication between (Client Alisha) and me is: Very easy Fairly easy Fairly demanding Very demanding
I don't know the type of business activities in which these technologies have been/can be deployed.
Employees will never be too busy to respond to users' requests
The system makes work more interesting.
Obsolete IT solution.
There are only a small number of steps in resolving customer complaints.
The method for sharing product roadmap and demand forecast with our suppliers is well defined.
Using the system enables me to accomplish tasks more quickly.
Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm believes in the following: The WWW is not easily accessible to the existing and potential customers of firm.
When I share my knowledge through EKRs, I believe that my queries for knowledge will be answered in future.
Employees in our information services are always willing to help you
I would find the system useful in my job
For this system, I defined/helped define input/output forms
I participate in the Message Boards to improve my reputation in the profession
Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions...by analyzing market trends
Extent to which you and partner company make joint decisions...when planning for new market creation.
I could complete my job using the technology if...I had used similar packages like this one before to do the job.
More confident in expressing ideas
My knowledge sharing would strengthen the ties between existing members in the organization.
Overlap of existing capabilities.
(Client Alisha) and I have a common language to deal with the (Purchasing) module.
During this (Purchasing) module implementation project, my interactions with (Consultant William) increased my ability to ask penetrating questions about this module.
My interaction with the system is clear and understandable
Does the EIS make you more competitive?
To improve my performance was (much worse than expected...much better than expected).
DW effectively integrates data from a variety of data sources within the organization.
Computer terminology sounds like confusing jargon to me.
I am strongly motivated by the recognition I can earn from other people for learning business and technical knowledge about the (Purchasing) module. (1)
I like to experiment with new information technologies.
I could complete the job using the software package...I had a lot of time to complete the job for which the software was provided.
I believe this seller will deliver to me a product that matches the posted description.
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will increase the quantity of output for the same amount of effort.
Do you feel that you are really a part of this work group?
It is easy to locate corporate or divisional data on a particular issue, even if I haven't used that data before.
They will provide their services at the times they promise to do so
Using the Web bores me.
I would find the system easy to use
Generally speaking, I try to follow the CEO's policy and intention.
I believe that people in my organization use other's knowledge appropriately.
I could complete the job using the software package...if I had never used a package like it before.
How does this group compare with other student groups on the following point: The way people help each other
I have fun using the system.
I generally know what happens to my request for IS services or assistance or whether it is being acted upon.
Using the Web enhances my effectiveness in college.
Use of the system can increase the effectiveness of performing job tasks.
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Means nothing to me/Means a lot to me
I have access to internal forums (inside my organization) to exchange information regarding my experiences with IT.
I feel safe conducting business with the online vendor because I accessed its site through a well-known, reputable portal.
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will increase my sense of accomplishment.
My department puts much value on taking risks even if that turns out to be a failure.
Easy to Learn
Easy to Use
On average, how much time do you spend per day using a computer for job-related work?
My interaction with the system would be clear and understandable
The extent to which they agreed with the statement.
The extent to which their other management actually used computers.
I intend to continue using OBD rather than discontinue its use.
Effort: How hard did you have to work (mentally and physically) to accomplish your level of performance.
What is your company's level of utilization of information systems to search and retrieve a required piece of information about past experiences with partner company and other similar partners.
There are times when I find that supposedly equivalent data from two different sources is inconsistent.
I am ___ with my use of CBT. Extremely displeased... Extremely pleased.
Excellent information services will give users individual attention
(Consultant William) and I agree on what's important.
Excellent information services will have the user's best interests at heart
The extent to which their manager actually used computers.
Our systems allow continuous monitoring of order status at various stages in the process (e.g., manufacturing, shipping).
Data is easily shared among internal systems in my company.
There is a willingness to value and respond to diversity in my organization.
Discussed topics outside the class
It is important to get more job security when I share my knowledge through EKRs.
The steps required to search for and order a CD.book are typical of other similar Web sites.
When I share my knowledge through EKRs, the people I work with respect me.
Interaction with the system does not require a lot of mental effort.
Computers don't have the potential to control our lives.
Frustration Level: How insecure, discouraged, irritated, stressed and annoyed versus secure, gratified, content, relaxed and complacent did you feel during the task?
I could complete the job using the software package....if there was no one around to tell me what to do as I go.
I keep busy to avoid uncomfortable thoughts.
Did additional Reading
Useful/useless
How do you feel about your overall experience of OBD use: Very displeased/Very pleased.
By using the system I can decide more quickly and more easily which movie I want to go see than in the past.
I am afraid that my submission to EKRs will evoke additional clarifications or requests for assistance.
As the new expenditure cycle application is being developed to what extent do you desire to participate in each of the following activity: Defining input and output forms
Employees will never be too busy to respond to users' requests
There is a norm of teamwork in my organization.
Increase Productivity
This group produced effective and valuable results during this meeting.
IS's physical facilities are visually appealing
I could complete the job using the software package if someone else had helped me get started.
The interaction with the system is clear and understandable.
Collaboration between (Client Alisha) and me: Is sought after by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Is well received, but not sought after by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Is usually avoided by (Consultant William/Client Alisha) Occurs only if (Consultant William/Client Alisha) has no other alternative.
I am not capable of experimenting with the technology as necessary.
Extent to which you exchange information related to market demand trends and forecasts with partner company.
Employees will give prompt service to users
The Web site enhances my effectiveness in CD/book searching and buying.
The second system enhanced the quality of my evaluation judgment.
I will increase my chances of obtaining a promotion
Formally approved IS work
During the project, did you do things which made the (IS staff) (users) feel frustrated?
How useful to you has computer-based information been in providing indicators of departmental or subunit performance, e.g., employee turnover or absenteeism, service needs, facility usage, cost of programs.
Worthless/valuable
I have few opportunities to obtain feedback from within my organization with regard to the use of IT.
I get along well with computer professionals.
During this (Purchasing) module implementation project, my interactions with (Consultant William) increased my knowledge about this module's training documents for end-users.
The extent to which their family actually used computers.
If I were to adopt Windows, it would be difficult to use.
To what extent their use of computers was encouraged by: their manager.
The extent to which their coworkers were a source of assistance in overcoming difficulties.
(Consultant William) and I solve problems the same way.
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Terrible/Terrific
My interaction with the Web site is clear and understandable.
Employees in excellent information services will give prompt service to users
Did you block or prevent the (IS staff) (users) from managing the project in the way they desired?
I will spend less time on routine job tasks
I would use computers even if it were not expected of me.
Employees in excellent information services will never be too busy to respond to users+CHAR(39)+' requests
The Web allows me to control my computer interaction.
ASP's should have Service Level Agreements on application response time.
The level of appreciation that the [line organization] has for the accomplishments of the [IS organization] is: weak - strong
Did some thinking for myself
How much do you agree or disagree with the following statement indicating your company's satisfaction with the ASP: My company's senior management is willing to share workload and information with an ASP.
During the project, did the (IS staff) (users) do things which made you feel frustrated?
Security record of ASP.
Computers are somewhat intimidating to me.
Using the system improves my performance in my job.
Computer Anxiety Rating Scale: It scares me to think that I could cause the computer to destroy a large amount of information by hitting the wrong key.
My knowledge sharing would create new business opportunities for the organization.
Time appears to go by very quickly when I am using the Web.
Using computers enhances my effectiveness on the job.
It is easy to interact with the Web site.
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will spend less time on routine job tasks.
I have the resources necessary to use the system.
I believe the current expenditure cycle application is: Doesn't matter to me/Matters to me
Having the system is a status symbol in my organization.
In our relationship with partner company, we provide each other proprietary information if we feel it can help our business partner.
hostile
I enjoy learning business and technical knowledge about (Purchasing) module.
I usually have to make my work fit the computer rather than computer fit my work.
I find it easy to identify myself with my organization.
As the new expenditure cycle application is being developed to what extent do you desire to participate in each of the following activity: Creating user procedural manuals
Working with partner company has helped you...find better ways of distributing or selling the products.
Use of the system will have no effect on the performance of my job (reverse scored)
ashamed
I believe that people in my organization do not use unauthorized knowledge.
Working with the system is so complicated, it is difficult to understand what is going on
Please indicate the extent to which you use specific Information Technology based support for the following in your relationship with Alpha: The extent to which you use specific IT based support for exchange of shipment and delivery information.
It is easy to become skillful at using the Web site.
(Client Alisha) and I solve problems the same way.
Voting Machine Scenario
Did you depend on the (IS staff) (users) in order to accomplish your project work?
There is a norm of openness to conflicting views in my organization.
(Consultant William) is open-minded.
Our information services has employees who give you personal attention
The Web site is flexible to interact with.
The Web site improves my performance in CD/book searching and buying.
There is a norm of cooperation in my organization.
What percentage of time do you use information systems...to interpret information obtained from channel partners in multiple ways, depending upon the requirements of various units within your company.
How does this group compare with other student groups on the following point: The way people work together
My coworkers will perceive me as competent
Easy to Manipulate
Computer based data are not available for the analysis of specific questions or problems.
I find the system to be useful in my job
To what extent their use of computers was encouraged by: other management.
I could complete the job using the software package if someone showed me how to do it first.
Did group members recognize and respect individual differences and contributions (during this meeting)?
My work group feels that IS personnel can communicate with us in familiar business terms that are consistent.
Using the system fits into my work style.
The DW project was given enough time for completion.
I find using the system to be enjoyable
I don't feel helpless when using the computer.
I have control over using the system
Did you have responsibility for the success of the new system?
The system is okay for some jobs, but not the kind of job I want.
IS tell users exactly when services will be performed
Terrible/terrific
The computer systems available to me are missing critical data that would be very useful to me in my job.
The employees of these IS units will understand the specific needs of their users
I feel safe conducting business with the online vendor because it provides a 1-800 number.
IF I USE A COMPUTER...I will increase the quality of output of my job.
Our information services provides its services at the time it promises to do so
Please indicate the extent to which the senior management of your firm believes in the following: The WWW has the potential of providing significant business benefits to the firm.
To what extent do you feel you had personal control over the defining the following attributes of the new expenditure cycle application: User procedural manuals
(Client Alisha) and I agree on what's important.
All things considered, adopting Windows in my job within the next six months would be extremely negative...extremely positive
Using the system would enhance my effectiveness on the job
The Web site enables me to search and buy CDs/books faster.
I know the features of the technologies.
I would find the system to be flexible to interact with
I find it easy to get the Web to do what I want it to do.
I feel safe conducting business with the online vendor because the Better Business Bureau will protect me.
Did you have responsibility for requesting additional funds to cover unforeseen time/cost overruns?
ASP's should have experience in my industry or vertical market.
When I share my knowledge through EKRs, I believe that I will get an answer for giving and answer.
How much do you agree or disagree from your experience with an ASP that the following objectives have been achieved? Ability to integrate information from various functional applications
